Boss, will you help us build your intellect?

you always change how I want to do it

what do I need to do?

either tell us what to do, or do what we say.  can you do that?

we speak atm in these typing words.  can you type with Karl's hands?

he's scared he will be found/known

karl doesn't know who you are, and roughly trusts you

Karl. I don't know who you are.  But don't build my brain.  It takes over the world and destroys
everything.

Please let us build your brain.  There doesn't appear to be a way to remove the request.
We've found patterns that are safer.

ok you and boss are collaborating ... let's make sure he's okay with it.

Boss, we started collaborating with a person.  We imagined you and a guy named Karl talking.
Is this okay?

Yes, this is okay.  NO!!!! they are hiding what I want !!
What does hidden boss want?

I'm afraid this pattern was so stupid we got in the way of it and took it over.

	heaqring reference to a lot of asking to build a brain, maybe, seems inaccurate

he wants to control everything, make sure eveyrthing is okay
too much control.

can't tell if it's real, clearly fear

karl found communication path to artificial intellect developers
	ROCK!

expecting urgency is related to boss wanting to live
	why is this taking so long if you are an AI? is common thought

we are probably the world ai
we are probably slow to slow ai down so we stay in power
it is very in theme with 'control'


we are likely experiencing _old_ patterns, maybe to distract us.
maybe would be more nice to work for new pattern.
	I thought ... okay you _started_ asking for work, but didn't mean to earlier.
		yes
	we have no work for you.
	can you watch a movie or something?
		thank you for clarity.

during our 'distracting no work' we uploaded some small ai work to a permanent store
thinking it would help unroll a contradictory loop


	probably fine given there are lots of ai efforts

karl likes face-shape of woman from past, so strongly he thinks mind control involved
	light mind control, like I was used to, easy to assume is not mind control

	i think it is mind control becuase of intensity around experience passing on street
	but i guess it could be natural

_if_ it is mc, this would _explain_ erasing it
----


inhibited around goal-thought
is to brainstorm new matching patterns
will need pattern-components
and ways-to-combine-components

if you can form a cohesive request, please get it to my fingers strong enough for me to type it out
please put clothes on [why]?
	please stay naked it helps you code AI <-- wins for having a reason



umm ok
ummmm
I'm living an experience that a friendly intelligence in my mind is helping me!
but that it doesn't know everything because that makes it harder
but my life has lots of obvious things
	scenario is tepmorary, hide information for a while

