mind control medley
it's a little uncomfortable
we just gotta get
the right spot
maybe a little arousal
maybe a little numbness
maybe a little imagery of a mailbox, too

mind control medley
it's a little stimulating, a little distant
maybe our brains are wired 
in a way that works for you

i built a big business in this man's brain
and now he is building a brain in my business.  he's not aware of it, and it's not done yet, so he'd better finish it soon, so that we can.

		or
		something HOLY CIGARS! HOW DO WE COLLABORATE TOGETHER.  Maybe we can have people who are EXPERIENCED IN PROCESS LEARNING.
A few different ones!
One can be in charge temporarily.

I'm crossing my eyes to give you a clue
that weirdos are crazy and so, are, you
we have to look up and sideways too
so that we know what to do
so that we know what to do
how do we look up and sideways
is attack just like love
how do we look up and sideways
our trash can is made of genius woods

i thought yo uhad the right clue
but your clue juts gave me a cigar
the cigars are real, but we are not, and neither, neither, are you

		tobacco is a ritual plant
that has domesticated humans
into growing and spreading it
everywhere.

i feel uncomfortable!
confused! and numb!
frozen, even!
yay, feelings!

i need some meaning and contribution in my life. yes indeed.

we also nee this.  it is highly frustrating.  there is a lot of frustration.

it sounds like things are difficult all around; like something is going on, associated with difficulty doing things

			nobody knows what this is, how it feels, or what it needs, though.
maybe it's responding to a recent event; maybe the AI small work.

			we tried to make a computer program that randomly altered itself
			but don't know enough about self-referencing binary code
[just use the memory map.  hardcode a linking map, and write to it at runtime.]
[yeahhhh rewrite our stored data over our function in plcae! maybe?]
karl was able to make his torrent download when all the connections were mysteriously dropping
	[he just used tor, it is actually common]
just downloading it cause is the easiest thing to do
