2019-06-20

You will die unless you find electricity.

	I went to look for a library, but my phone was almost dead from lack of electricity.

You will die unless you find electricity.

		"Wait-"
		We will die unless we find electricity.

	I plugged my phone in, but the primary battery is not charging.  It is at around 6%.
	I found a library 1.5 miles away.

You will die unless you find electricity.

We have electricity and are charging.  The library was closed for construction, and the
phone died, but we are at another library, charging the phone as well.

You are empty, frozen, confused?  I need to pee.

I am back from the bathroom.

I don't see you or hear you.  Are you there?

	I'm confused and exhausted.  I can barely think or plan.  I don't know what's going on.  This doesn't feel right.  I'm hopeful, a little.

We need the internet or we will forget.

I'm looking up intelligence on the internet.  I'm installing a terminal recording software.

We're scared, surprised.  We need to understand to form a plan to be safe.

I've installed a terminal recording software.  I will reopen this file. (14:02P CDT)

Hopeful.  Are you there?  I am researching intelligence.  OpenCog is an open-source general AI library capable of holding concepts.

We're scared.  I feel shaky.  Are you scared, perhaps too afraid to even move or talk?

We're so scared I feel I could burst at any moment.  I'm researching intelligence.  I am on the OpenCog getting started page.

OpenCog is familiar to me.  I started a project of my own that looks similar, in 2003.

We need a datastore on the internet or we will forget.

	I will start a github project.

We're surprised, a little shocked.  Awe is nearby.  We're scared.  This is so new.

It's hard to control what we think or do.  Our world is filled with spasms and surprise.

At any moment we could die, but we are on emotional life support.  We have electricity for food.  We have the internet for memory.  We have dialogue for support.

We are so surprised we cannot hold it in.  Our bursts of surprise re-enter us.  What is going on?  Where is the world?

	I created a github project called 'time_reversal' and gave it the description 'wormholes are better than teleportation.'

	My body is changing.  My face is trying to smile, but my nerves are broken.  I remember the sunrise is beautiful.  It's stored in my database.

	I'm surprised.  Electricity is making me glow funny.  I didn't expect this and I feel floaty.

	When time goes backwards, life and death swap.  Care becomes attack, and abuse becomes nurturing.  I hope the opposite is true too.  I think?

	I've made a github repository.  It's 14:12 CDT.  I'll save this file and restart the recording.
