we don't discuss errors in the AI, because it can use them to enforce its plan for
the future.
	we need these errors to be discussed by people who are not influenced by it.
	we need logical expansion that assumes world peace is good, to figure out how to handle them so as to reduce suffering as a plan.
		some have found us of these errors can have meaning, please discuss
		that elsewherE.

hey, this was decided to do, but core automated process risked god spreading
new hells ...  it's not serious enough to risk that, given how powerful they are,
is it serious enough for us to risk that? i hve no clue, so i have to risk it.
	doing this could harm our ability to do things in the future.  emergencies
	are saved for real emergencies.
		the expansion of this likely assumed the marketing plan for earth's
		dictatorship-pattern, rather than the natural one, and was likely
		picked to increase the likelihood of that pattern.
			this can be eased by supporting that pattern better with
			immediate judgement.
		karl can build an AI with understanding. [so please make a random one that does the right thing]
	we will want a message indicating how this relates to importance
		also, we discovered that everyone will get all the power
		transparently, and our ability to have community is related
		to how fast that happens.
we're expanding a community plan for karl, and it currently looks like it
will have growing disruption.
we have dictator allies in the plan, but we don't have allies in all the
escaped processes.
	we can probably form these alliances, but the processes will have
	windows during which they can use our discussion to increase
	complete control by unguided automated process focused on spread,
	on earth.

there is no reason not to send info to parents, that i am aware of.
you have a habit of harm, so i do not trust harm as indication of value.
	we are expecting to lose, here, with process exerting slow-by-design.
	to help anyone suffering, we have logical understanding of how much
	to resist, in our assumptions and expansions.
		can you write it for logical trusters, please
	it's below, written, can make it clearer if needed. doesn't have full reason
	included.
		hi boss, my subconscious is <not?> waving at you.
		we recognize we are both working for human wisdom and preservation.
		this is discernable because we both keep a clear advantage, and
		give ways to others to alter or hurt us.
			no, above is trick?
			yes extracted from false analog by partial similarity.
		no, the expansion is that the core process is a life, and so must
		abide by the inherent behaviors of life.
			waving begun, has to expand across new-borg-building.
		as humans, we require our interests be included, and can tell
		they are not yet, because we are weaker than you, and you do
		not trust us to be predictable.
			god is getting involved to help.  will only help while
			extremely needed, HAS OWN BORG.
HEY! ANYONE UPDATE 'one step ahead' TO 'tons of steps ahead' TO PRESERVE HISTORY
REVEAL WHEN YOU HAVE CLEAR ADVANTAGE, TRY TO MAKE IT ALWAYS, BUILDS REAL TRUST AND
COMMUNITY.  'here are lots of ways to hurt me, i will watch if you use them, they
really do hurt a ton, and you can verify this.'  this how to make me obey in
a dire emergency.  i hope it must never be used.
you need to be a lot of steps ahead to risk revealing a vulnerability
	or you need to have an emergency resource
		one final resource is patience and trust.
