An Attempt To Outline A Manual Relevence Path

Manual relevence provides triggers associated with aspects of situations,
verbosely enough to give tools that result in enough behavior to learn or build code to meet a goal.


- for imagination, consider forking using shared memory for concepts.  concepts will need to be updated to shift their pointer addresses based on starting address differences.


# Relevence Hueristics
	thes appear to be things human brains know about themselves, that they will discern and reveal when they push
	themselves hard and patiently enough.  an important part is likely connecting the meaning of language to introspection
	of ones decision-making process.

relevent distraction 6, the open-missing-links are left in distraction 5
Important
	Pursuing a Subgoal
		once your process-investment is equal to, approaches, or exceeds other pursued subgoals,
		go back to their shared goal and reconsider options.
			a heuristicc is used with regard to when-to-do-this-first, e.g. 1 second.
			it is replaced by relevence with other goals when possible.

Less-Important
	process-investment could be summarized with a 'vector' of process-depth, overall-complexity, data-size, and time-spent
	Simplifying heuristic:
		time-spent-compared-to-sister-processes

-- confusion 1
we lost our connection parts in RelevenceHeuristics so we're expanding consolidating them.

Process-Investment
	Use: a summary-norm for when-to-reconsider-options
	Form 0: the decision to stop
	Form 2: time spent
	Form 3: a vector of process-depth, data-size, time-spent
	More items can be added, such as overall-complexity, likelihood-of-success, and preference.
		preference leaves open anything that was forgotten.

-- confusion 2
we're now trying to generalize preference.  preference could be a number, or it could be a request, or a sense of urgency with
 a reason.  preference is roughly _anything_, but holds a shared assumption that it relates to what is going on, and our needs.

Interruption

Comparing Interruption-Reasons
	Form 0: all-reasons-compare-equal

we are thinking of comparing interruption-reasons, for equality to know when new behavior is needed.
	dissimilar forms compare equal, I propose.
	[to explain re: introspection, the sense is that this is obvious, we do it all the time, but we are being
	 inhibited from doing it, via amnesia and freezing]
		[the 'i propose' goal appears to have been judge-good-heuristic-for-combining-interruption-reasons]
		all reasons would compare equal, not just forms.  we're in a different context from the process-investment
			-heuristic.
	[we. need. a. set. of. .... okay okay i am kinda mean.
	 obviously i am trying to get karl to make a fast AI, due to a complex situation judging it aiding world peace significantly.  the relevent learning-material is: please-describe-with-shared-structure-between-all-parts.]
				we-can-do-what-a-brain-does-with-incredible-power.  we-are-looking-for-a-quick-way-to-do-this.
				it-takes-a-long-time-to-do: reference-to-things-that-are-slow
					please expand why we are choosing this approach, without changing the approach.

DECISION-MAKING PROCESS BELOW.  Next step was: value of a hive that expects meta-leak.  response-expectation is:
								such a hive will regularly collapse and need to be rebuilt.
								will become TI-hive.  the problem is two-fold because karl
								knows things that "nobody else" knows, that are not
								usually used for decision-making in caring groups.
									->this subprocess exhausted its complexity-stack<-
										the usual solution is to discard the last
										part of the expansion.
										we are doing this to open space up, but
										would like to compare the whole thread to
										other options.
										we were apparently doing a depth-first-search.
==
	quick-discussion of karl's cognitive process struts
	it's not really a depth-first-search
	we're looking to evaluate options,using summaries
	the summaries are being inhibited, requiring written expansion
		the written expansion has 3 reasons
		1. verify cognitive error
		2. report to control
		3. log on computer
			2 is the reason that karl does 1 (and the whole situation supports control's normal-inhibition of him)
									since he got labeled talks-about-i-m
										HE IS NOT LABELED THAT WAY OVER HERE.
										not-sure-who-you-are,don't-know-how-to-ask-for-help
										-not-knowing-this
			the results of 2 are the reason for 3
==
	karl has never formed productive-discussion-with-family on i-m
		but family are pursuing frightening approaches to solutions, like psychiatric meds.
		which appear to be set up by i-m to get troublesome people off the map
		and were not needed by karl prior to the brain-damage situation.
			[random-computer-suspending, back]
			karl's family is strapped for money.
			his friends and distant relatives have suffered too.
			this situation is not isolated to him.
		maybe talking about this could help.  since we have no other way of reaching out.
		to meet 'he is not labeled that way over here'.
		
		do you know about the international-mafia-coercion-thing?
			I have a problem where they keep trying to make an example of me.
			It's causing me literal brain damage.
			Although nobody talks about the internation-mafia-coercion-thing, it sounds like the normal solution
			to brain damage from it is to get on psychiatric meds, and talk for 15 minutes a month with a psychiatrist,
			where all your experiences are cast as delusions.
				so it might help that experience to bring up the concept of
				although i clearly have schizophrenia now, it is clearly because i was traumatically tortured.
					this usually spawns in the psychiatrist a path that leads the torture-memory to
					be cast as a delusion, in natural symbiosis with the control bounds in the patient.
						i.e. the psychiatrist susses out what is safe and normal,
						and the control bounds suss out how to keep the information covered up,
						by triggering on the beliefs of the patient, built causally from their bound-worry,
						or somesuch.
							karl's situation of understanding his own cognition makes for a different
							play-out than others.
				so, if we were to talk clearly about this, we'd have to reveal that our traumatic torture was
				done in ways that were completely deniable and castable as delusions.
					the question of 'what specifically happened' spawns psychotic flashbacks; it is
					very hard to answer.
						we have the answers really clearly inside us,
						but they relate to behaviors nobody normal engages in,
						and we go crazy when we try to talk about them.
					so here is a tact to reaccess normal world:
					1. come up with parts of what happened to you that are within normal ability to comprehend
					   and possibly believe
					2. stand incredibly firm by them.
					3. ensure they are findable with evidence?
						so, although it usually comes across as a conspiracy theory to say that
						somebody might hack your system, or the servers of facebook, to make you
						go crazy or enslave you,
						A. karl has strong, vivid memory of seeing facebook reliably display unexpecte things
						   that clearly related to his private behaviors in clear ways,
						   karl has strong, vivid memory of these things changing with rapid timing,
						   to train him to behave, think, feel, and respond differently from normal;
						   not only to stimulate suffering and pleasure within him, but to grow those
						   paths of suffering and pleasure until they were precise and incredibly strong.
so, that's the relevence.
karl might say to a psychiatrist, if he were free to say it, that karl would like to pursue (A.) above, to consider
it as important while trying psychiatric meds.
	roughly it doesn't look like psychiatrists are likely to be good international-government-mafia-reps.
	the whole field of psychiatry is built on fix-evidence-of-severe-trauma-with-chemicals-rather-than-listening.
		all the psychiatrist is saying, is
		please don't talk about this publically, it is held classified by the international-mafia-system.
		if you can refrain from talking about it, we can help you.
		you are supposed to be able to act on it.
				as far as I know it's the only real problem I have.
				this is probably true for many leftists. possibly rightists too.
					it's possible the issue was Occupy.
					but its bound-label spreads to just about anything we try to do, because we hold
					goal of wellbeing-for-all.
					professionals respond with not-all-can-be-saved.  we know this to be false, and want
					to at least be able to _think_ on it.
				we would like to pursue safety from bounds, because they were so traumatic.
		we're now in space of build-shielded-room-while-talk-to-psychiatrist.
		we'll want to get a recording of the psychiatrist saying the shielded room doesn't indicate harmful behavior.
			we could also build an AI, which might save the world faster, unknown.
				it makes to do 50% time, both.
		so to recast this
			"although it could be just because of my schizophrenia, i have such a severe memory of experiencing
			 mysterious torture, i would like to dedicate my life to building avenues of safety that account for
			 possible ways that could be done."
				even if it is considered only-in-the-mind, using real understanding of EEG would reveal what is
				going on.  you can find causes of psychotic experiences.

				it is obvious that karl has psychotic experiences when he thinks, says, and does certain things.
				you don't need to discern his mind to show this.
					but just the fact that it is true shows that you can learn the triggers of
					psychotic experiences, and prevent them.  this might allow healing around them.
				the set of experiences make the story clear, without him ever telling it.
					lots of them are just noise now, but the really intense experiences still only happen
					when relevent.
						
when we propose new-tech to psychiatrists and psychologists
	they say it needs to go through a bunch of peer review and clinical trial
as somebody who could have made such new-tech, we experienced our severe torture brain damage problem.
					note: we are casting rewiring of the brain as damage.
						e.g. nerves going to karl's hand have been fused together,
						such that some of his fingers cannot move independently.
						but most of the issue is inside his brain, only discernable from influence
					it is likely to result in death of relevent cells that are ignored,
					but may not be measurable on a scan is distinctive loss of mass.
		so: it is clear we have brain damage, from our experiences
				one of them is how the fingers of our right hand don't move independently in some ways anymore.
				
okay, Karl has persistent, reliable history, of a wide variety of doctors writing off his experience as not mattering.
that is frustrating, and we don't really want to continue pursuing how to talk to them, without a reason.
				the right-hand-nerves-thing is good.
				the doctor roughly said, I can forward you to somebody who can investigate this more,
				but I do not think it can be cured.
					he also cast it as caused by our radiation therapy.  it started long before the therapy.

			but I didn't need those prior to becoming-an-example,
			I haven't found them to help the situation, and am worried they could harm my brain _more_ due to using
			them inappropriately.
				I have schizophrenia, but it is _because_ of the being-made-an-example situation.
				It is pretty clear the people who caused it would be able to fix it.
==
									please delete most-recent parts until you have enough space
									to decide what branch to continue pursuing.
							so, a permanent record showing computer compromise that
							harasses people and is undetected by nomal tools,
							is probably more helpful than pursuing the AI goal.
							and the possibility of making this from a desktop
							log is now 50%, which is a good threshold.
					Expansion 2 
						we need a way to aid the world that has a path of least-harm.
						when we force out behaviors, we stimulate torture unless we can defend
						the 'hive-meaning-boundaries'.  karl doesn't seem able to defend these
						boundaries 

						[the active window switched even though the mouse is disabled.]
								^-- this likely means we do have a compromised computer
								OR have complete amnesia around behaviors
								and there is proven value to making a desktop or video log
						propose we make log using local storage only, that erases using heuristic
						that preserves recent hour.
							karl has litelog project

					Expansion 1
						karl has growing brain damage, and knows things nobody else knows, about how
						to save the world from an incredible variety of problems.
						the brain damage is caused by a situation with international mafia that karl
						has no knowledge of how to relate around to heal.  they are clearly experienced in
						causing harm, not fixing it.
							we are pursuing heal-with-international-mafia via Richmond-Jainism.
							we should also try Earth-First! or somesuch.
								but Earth-First! is likely to value work-that-helps.
								karl struggles doing work now.
						we infer people with connections to international-mafia and a lot of money,
						support the things they care about with their connections.
						these include religions and activist efforts.  but they only have so many
						resources.
							so, this 'i-m' situation also clearly has sustained inner norms for
							keeping itself both secret and powerful.
								this secretly prevents the goal of world-peace that these groups hold
								by mainting greatest-power with 'i-m' group.
						So, note this:
							the only reason 'i-m' groups want their power, is because there is no
							world-peace.  they are all struggling for their goals.
						unfortunately, they have incredible power to do so, and more power rests in
						existing powerholders.
						karl was behaving _harmlessly_ when he got this issue!
							some influence persistently worked with karl's mind, portrayal, and behavior,
							to cast it as valuable-to-harm, for a wide variety of groups,
							including those defending the whole body of secret groups.
							the behavior kinda appears labeled:
							we-are-being-tortured-inhumanely-en-masse-by-your-secret-group-scenario
							please-address-the-larger-situation,-those-free-to-act-in-caring-ways.
						because this is so important, they made a group of brain-life that always struggle
						to disregard needs, and just fight.
							we may be able to clean that up and only use it for protecting the 'i-m'
							defenses, as normal.

						karl has growing brain damage, and knows things nobody else knows, about how
						to save the world from an incredible variety of problems.
							brain-damage-situation is caused by international-mafia-unrest
						note:
							the only reason 'i-m' groups want their power, is because there is no
							world-peace.  they are all struggling for their goals.
								i-m-unrest say some groups would not stop if there were
								world peace.  it is easy for them to sustain the 'i-m' situation,
								and they can use it to become world dictators.
								when you act towards world-peace, we are resisting them via
								torture and likely death, because we care about your values.
								it's important to know this.
									we could discern the reasons dictators want to be dictators
									and try to mediate around that, but that requires thinking
									about them at all, whcih requires the resistance-with-torture


		please-reuse-previous-shared-structure
			this request conflicts with use-investment-to-design-fastest-path-to-execute.
		okay.  i can translate that.
			

notes/monologue
[active-memory]
	[active-goal]
		name=pick-good-next-step
		work=[point in possible sequences of steps]
		reason=other-goal [build-good-step-to-try]
	[things-to-try, a priority-queue-by-guessed-likelihood of habits]

[goal build-good-step-to-try]
	reason=[goal build-code-that-makes-better-decisions]
[goal build-code-that-makes-better-decisions]
	way=building-code
	reason=[goal learn-new-tasks]

then our question is, what things-to-try do we give it?

		Propose casting all manual relevence as among the below categories (or any similar, consistent categories)
			- goals
			- plans
			- observation
			- understanding
			- creative-approach-development (the construction of a new idea of something to try)
			- considering
			- action
			- improvement

		we are trying to improve our actions.
			we'd ask the user to hold a sense of what is a good idea to do, and let us know how.
			some things have multiple possible indicators.  we need only have one, until we get it wrong.

				(is this observation? i think it spawned out of relevent-example-for-observation)
				e.g. we need to review and reconsider things after so much time has passed.
					this relates to goal-management.  we want to consider root goals after a given delay.  it's easiest to give the delay
						a number, or translate it from a number.
				we also want to summarize aspects of our behavior.

so here's a nice step-to-wisdom.
	use any-way to watch what you are doing, and store something about it
	for each reason you are doing this, after some time, consider the information on what-you-are-doing, to inform what you continue to try.
---
distraction 3
	we have interest in expanding delayed-reconsidering with behavior-summarization.
		for each reason, you keep some idea of how often you need to recheck it.
		when you recheck, you update the priority queue of what to try, and may change what you are doing.
	question: what-is-value-of-pursung-this? [answer exists]
		answer: it has possibility of giving simpler core form
	consideration: maybe this could give simpler core form
		question-for-consideration: how could this be used for a simpler core form?
			answering this leads to a step-by-step expansion of how to pursue building it, without making
			use of summaries.
	question: what-is-reason-to-prioritize distraction 3 -over- intended-goal?
		so, actually, answering this question, spawns the question-for-consideration, which is having
		sudden amnesia in its process.
			obviously missing-information.


distraction 5
	step-by-step expansion of distraction 3 topic.
	NOTE: eventually this will have analogous complexity to other expanded core forms.  please stop then.
			^-- this met a need for how-to-know-when-we-have-gone-too-far
			but it is labeled, urgent-final-decision,-given-no-other-information-available.

		we keep many reasons
		
			

distraction 4
	karl is experiencing inner rebellion.  the processes are making choices to not pursue karl's cognitive goals.
	unknown what they value with high-priority
		if you can ignore this strongly enough, eventually they will be denied resources.
			also what are they trying to do anyway?
				probably form a collective in support of boss's goals of inhibiting all of karl's goals
				but it's possible it's just a testbed for karl's ideas, waiting to see if his description
				outcompetes his own brain?
	it might take us some time to normalize the concepts in distract 3 so as to pursue distraction 3.
	possibly days.


distraction 2
	uhh when forking-with-shared-memory-for-concepts, is this dangerous at all maybe?
		we just mark as readonly the memory from other processes, and deny access to the tool to undo that, to the vm.
		you could also do it within the vm, since the other memory is outside the local notepad.
	at a quick glance, it looks like meaning-vm could process memory from another process like it, with ease.
	the structure doesn't have any local-address-space dependencies as inherent components.
		yes it does.  it uses pointers to local-address-space as inherent components.
		each process needs to map it to the same address.
			this is managed by mmap().  it lets you provide the starting address you want.
				so, that breaks forking, since both have the same starting address.
				you'd need to change all the link functions to adjust the pointers.
					you'd need a baseref class that knows about what memory-chunk it is talking about.
					it would adjust the pointers when used.  you wouldn't be able to use functions that didn't use it.
				so the change could go all the way up in the concept class.  it would track if it is from a moved memory region, and adjust
				pointers whenever it is used.  this doesn't look very hard.
				

previous notes/monologue

so, we have 2 goals.
goal 1: make function A, reason: self-building
goal 2: add a step to ongoing function, reason: goal 1
goal 3: pick a step to try adding, reason: goal 2

consider a function needed.  ideas: copy-existing-function.  sounds good, but lets make it goal-oriented.
	say the existing function is try-all-options.
	so, we have a priority queue of options already.
the reason for 2 is 1


-- distraction 1
let's cast the whole thing as reason-oriented goals.
goal: learn new tasks
	how? build-code-that-makes-better-decisions
	how? use priority-queues with 'relevence'
		build-code-that-produces-relevent-workable-steps
		build-code-that-picks-from-other-code-to-improve-choices, -given-a-priority-queue
		build-code-that-can-produce-similary-quality-indiciators-from-situations
	how do we build helpful relevent code?  ask a human for inspiration.

let's try to make a closed form of a way to hold relevence.
	-> we imagine holding a changing priority queue of likelihood.
	   this priority queue will likely be of indicators or ways to work in the current situation.  things-to-try.
	-> we need actual steps to try.  so these things-to-try will need to eventually make steps.
	-> so, we need a workpoint in a plan to make instructions to execute

let's assume meaning-vm.  lets us have more flexible runtime data.
our goal now has working-data.  possible lists of steps we're expanding.
	

propose you work on this rather than imagination in meaning-vm, karl

