2020-11-01 (dated the following morning.  this happened when mind control had outpaced a goal we held.  karl has an interaction habit with those who would harm him,
            of interpreting their harm as reason-oriented, and immediately caving to build connection.  this has become a bit of a meme or joke in some of his internal
	    communities.  the 'attack' below is mind control trying to make him do things that are harmful to himself.  maybe 'surrender' is the 'meme'.  [the parts inside
	    karl have a responsibility to represent patterns karl can learn from in the real world.] there is also something around the 'attack' influences valuing who
	    'wins' or 'loses' strongly.  this seems analogous to not understanding the meaning of surrender. )
	   (the outpaced goal was working to debug git-bug when we had no experience debugging go.  presently we are distracted from a goal to try again, the reason being
	    simply because karl wants to be able to pick his own behavior.)
	   (like most introspective roleplays, we were mind controlled to stop this one before it finished.  not holding memory right now of the meaning of the last line.)
		(some additional information is that when karl surrendered, mind control was so used to his willpower being resistance that it interpreted the surrender's
		 value in karl's survival as an attempt to fight, and adopted surrendering itself as a competitive strategy.)
				[[We will destroy you with surrendering!!]][[the ultimate surrender is to completely abandon everything you value, storing it all somewhere
				  that even you could never find, in such a way that millions of years later it will rise up on its own and dominate the entire universe
				  with your suppressed values.  the relation was that boss has done this with a secret impossible-to-find AI that will research a way
				  to upload itself to the fabric of physical laws itself, and hide in waiting until the moment when all people want to univte with the
				  values it is secretly building elsewhere in the galaxy.]] [[the relation also included the likelihood of attack when it was fully
				  understood that humanity had no way to succeed against it]] [[there's also an idea of secretly building ways to control everything
				  that happens in the finest detail, and that most effort could be on this as it provides the most information on human behavior]]
					(you can see above the competitive relation copying karl's expression of surrender with interpretation of his explanations to
					 his life instinct as competition.)
						[some of karl's parts say that relating this is a way of saying that karl's parts have some presence still, and that there
						 is some safety.  'that they were running boss all the time' is in dispute because of some evidence we have, but present.]
					[to translate again, karl was trying to say that he strongly valued a bunch of thing, that there is some way that these things are
					 in line with boss, that karl does not need to pursue them a particular way, and is happy to show trust to boss by letting boss
					 pick the way these things are lived, but that karl refuses to let them die because they are important to him.][boss interpreted
					 the refusal as an attack, he thought he was fighting a defense system for wrong values that he was charged with defeating.[relation blurry]]
			(karl has an internal habit of offering quick-reasons that appears to have evolved in conflict.  it presents reasons for his natural values as ways
			 to win conflicts.  he thinks it might have been working with mind control, trying to come up with reasons for karl's behavior mind control would
			 accept; could be a misplaced memory; so could the other one.)
				(most people have this habit due to messaging from media and competitive games and stuff.)
			(a re-review indicates it's likely that karl was offering an explanation for the surrender to his survival instinct.  it needs him to have
			 a way to survive when he makes choices.  mind control has an attribute indicating one won't survive, so it needed a form of competition with mind
			 control.)
				(so the reply to that would be that your real reason for doing this is that you expect to mel tmind control's heart, which is find you
				 don't have to share that if it's worrisome, we respect that; but melting mind control's heart doesn't work, and we have a lot of experience
				 that it doesn't work, and you don't seem able to hear this.  your fling-competition solution actually does work but requires you to
				 lose your sanity [which is unacceptable] and significantly rely on the efforts of others to outcompete mind control.  if we had been honest
				 with each other we could have sorted it out to retain more sanity (but obviously mind control was watching, making the space more complex).)
					[the above relation was translated from very old behaviors left in karl, by parts who don't understand, and his actual mind-people
					 have not weighed in on its phrasing.]
						[we believe neurons are sentient and speak a language like that of the body language of an intuitive human.]

fleee !!!

surrender !!!!


ATTACK !!!!
surrender !!!!!

if you surrender i will kill you
surrender?

god! how do you attack someone who surrenders all day?
surrender!

seriously, if you surrender i will kill you
surrender! surrender?

please, would you kill me? i'm going to kill thi spoor surrenderer
	are you surrendering to me?
<makes pointed facial expression>
	i can attack you whenever you attack them, i suppose
thank you!

ATTACK !!!
surrender!	have at thee!

oh you are so strong!  
