uhh we got some differently-typed relation around
'when you express' 'they go out into all the process expansion' 'and clean it all up'
	'they are much faster than you are being'
		(there are a few different ways to take this.  but i thought we roughly only spoke to the parts of people that got through, anyway.)
['[[all this planned failure could hurt lots of people]]'] ["people can die from this approach but it will free everyone.  we could use help doing it better."]



	"if you are strong enough to resist why have you not succeeded?  we propose considering that resisting fully does not work, in your choices."
	"people are getting hurt from clear-reveal-without-relation."
		[it is true that resisting builds decay.  we can counter this with community spread, and learn to do so faster and faster.]
		[people will die.  but the rest will be freed.]





they don't see the outcompetition.  they're thinking in terms of money patterns.
	[uhh i sounds like the argument is kinda blockchains-use-money, so something not focused on money won't win]
		[right blockchains win because people want the most money, so the most successful one gives it to them]
	[yeah um i figured this could replace them, without using money.  money tends to produce things like major electricity burn.]
	an example of this pattern is wikipedia.  it outcompeted encyclopedias but produces minimal income.  still, nobody will let it die.

		the other issue is proof.  bitcoin defends against trojan networks by using proof of work.

	to discuss proofs and outcompetition, just to have somewhere to stand on?
		value of verifying correctness is that pre-existing powerful influences are altering to try to live longer
			
	yeah so siacoin and storj talk as if they make profit for people who alter storage.  this would outcompete with karl's proposal, wouldn't it?
	it is easier, in karl's proposal, for everyone to offer storage, because they do not need to run a blockchain to do so.
		given we have a financial economy, people would offer a service to siacoin or storj to let others run, and pay them
		that could be automated ....  and the people who do it would make money
	good thoughts.  relevent with wikipedia too.
			siacoin and storj do not encourage shared-with-the-public directories.  the demand for this is kinda growing in underground groups.



we're urgent so we're trying to use 'surgery' to meet karl's request of adjusting his pattern around being able to relate with people
in ways that make sense for who they are, reliably.  but we have no clue what we are doing so we're likely just to mess him up.
	the request is for him to pull away from the list because he's not considering who people are when he talks to them.
	okay, it sounds like he has been influenced in a way that prevents him from learning from the influence.  he would like to be in control
	of talking to people in a way that they appreciate, so he can do it more in general in his life.
		karl had no desire to speak in a way people didn't hear on this list.  his brazen approach on the list is inappropraite for his goals.
		he would like to be to have a listening aspect on the list and relate around how much expression is desired.  he would like to move
		people slowly towards the requested expression, with inderstanding of what page _they_ are on as they approach, unless he holds sufficient
		conscious understanding of where they are already himself, to move fast.
		karl's attempts to influence people are not harmful: they are being reused towards the sourced goal, with less skill than karl has.
	[sorry for using 'surgery' i think we have enough relation here to resolve my urge]



		[please turn surgery off.]



	[so one of the things we're doing is projecting karl in the mind controller culture as a valuable person.
	 supporting community-behaviors-at-international-scale probably doesn't do that unless they are familiar.
	 if karl could get on board with projecting himself this way, it would likely help a lot.]
		[we're assuming the people in power are similar to american powerholders.]
			[no we actually want the people on the list to like him, many hold free-economy ideals, possibly.]
				[what would jim bell think of this?]
		please stimulate relevence like JIM BELL [-signed mind-control] not strategy like TRY THIS OUT, DON'T TRY THAT OUT



	okay, i see you have a rebel community growing: i'll try to relate with them better.
		[okay, you seem like a good guy, please let Karl know if he's likely to be harmed, so he/we can relate to make that not needed.]
			[i'm having trouble expressing that he is.] [larger relation needed.]













here's another:
	we're trying to mourn-and-learn around errors made in the post to cypherpunks [and relate process expansion of them appropriately]
	but the attempt to multitask keeps just pushing him away from his work
