why don't you have a spot to relate with?
	can-do-todo was roughly steward of relation.  if you can pull of schedule and such I'll pop in.
	they wereplanning on reliably doing todo list, so i'd be nonpresent simply because todo list hasn't been happening
	you guys need help organizing todo list / want help with this, and claim you can do anything with parameter-relation, which is roughly
	what is needed but not what i'm prepared for.  it sounds like your parameter-relation is immature, so planning with you will be hard for me.
		any idea what is wrong with todo list?
	i think we can do stuff but only kinda as a surprise, and we're starting to normalize the surprise-ness.  we do things we aren't aware of
	being doing.  the part of our mind that notices what we are doing isn't the part that does it.  so we do things, hiding noticing of thme, kinda.
		kinda assuming that you can roughly bubble that away somehow so that we get normal planning.  not sure how to relate.
	if you could come up with planning structures maybe we could mutate them to be manageable in this situation.
	but yeah we don't have a way to translate all the needed stuff: like relating with a goal as the development towards it changes.
			^-- we can actually do this if we can stumble on the goal-relation while we relate around a differing goal, from surprise
	can we have a space to talk in??
		last time group made me a happy-bubble.  i'm prepare to organize karl's goals from ~4 years ago if facility develops.  wasn't prepared
		to organize small executive spaces: am super worn out from struggling to do that for years and failing.  kind of your job to set up.
		like, happy to do it again, but not interested in more failure.
	but is just roleplay, so we could try to organize a little

	want: space to relate around organization.  organization-monologue/diatribe.
	we kind of have information-people, stewards of goals, and we'd like ways to talk with them in one place

		okay: goal of space-to-talk appears inefficient
		reason for goal was organize-tasks
		doesn't look like space i

			anyway, WE WERE ABLE TO MAKE IT TO THE TODO LIST,
			and, WE ARE GROWING SCHEDULING-FACILITY BY ADDING WITH OTHER PEOPLE.
			Is BREAKING and is DELICATE but is GROWING FASTER THAN BREAKING as usual now.  Obviously can't tell will continue when
			has so much delicateness.  But if relation could help direct it while breaking/growing it could maybe help us be productive
			at least.
				[it sounds like karl has upcoming work party: let's put work party inside todo list]
				[remember to pin goal of human-logistics] [it could be nice to make todo list look more normal: maybe keep multiple
				 todo-list approaches for different states of mind, unknown]
			please WAY to INCLUDE ABOVE INFOMRATION
				added to todo list but the inhibition-disruption makes it hard to remember our other feeling on what else we
				wanted to do during work-party ... it looks like work-party would function better if it grew more before encountering
				such a degree of difficulty: that's assuming it actually grows more
