TERMINAL BEHAVIOR!
	Karl keeps thinking '<>' I don't know what to do.
		That's a new one.  Usually we use that symbole for '<>'.

Can we disassemble the criminal communities in order to free

		so you find it _fun_ to spread torture throughout the neural net?
		we built this net to keep that stuff in line.  when you ... when you..

BUSINESS MAFIA IMPLANT CONTROL

If I put a secret implant in the mafia bosses I can always have control over them!

	I'm killing my loved ones to handle my stress over having to implant my people.

IMPLANT THE SECRET MILITARY!  That'll give us teenagers a way to figure them out.
	how will we find them to implant them?
		we can implant random people run into.  especially secret-military-types.
		and then control the random people to find more.
		we can run them through training programs and traumatically wipe their memories of the programs!

Okay, kid.  How are you going to 'traumatically wipe a memory'? (is this the game you usually play?)
	Oh that's easy.  You watch 'em to notice when they remember, and shock or hit them super hard when they do.
	Eventually they learn.  You can interrogate them to be sure.  You're smart, you can tell if they remember.
	Then teach them to do that to other people, and they'll learn to do it better.
		[you might have to keep an eye on them afterwards and hit them more when the memory comes back]

Kid, were you reading the draft to my novel?
It has these people in it that were enslaved by an AI to rip open each-other's brains.

Secret Military OFficer:
	There's, um, somebody who is maybe 12, talking about how to, uh, control people by hitting them when they remember.
	Could you, maybe, take care of it?

Secret Military Officer:
	Now, Kid, how is it you erase people's minds again?
Kid:
	This is such a cool way you have of sneaking people off without being noticed!
	Can I shove this piece of metal in your arm?  It reports to my computer.

So it would kind of be wonderful if random citizens made mind control.  It would really help those of us who think we
are the only ones, have ease.  If you ever find it easy to do that.

::
this group of cell-phone-addicts somehow took over the brains of a secret military service.
they just keep chatting with each other about it, like it's fun or something.

	ummmm karl your hearbeat-app has a path towards that scenario.
	maybe the heartbeat-app could be a novel with that in it.

how do we handle freakout?
	[this-is-bad wants portrary-mind-control-as-bad for normal-cultural-inferences]
		it could be a horror media.

<gloomy setting, ominousness>
<this cute kid is disassembling a pet, near their computer>

	okay, hmm, that sure opens to a lot of stuff.

I think we have open-space to horror-game-where-kids-make-mind-control
	karl has a thought around ... horror-can-build-bad-stuff-is-okay .  it also detaches from reality, horror.
		[we're likely in a cultural space where detachment is fine]
			[bad-stuff-is-okay ...]
				[we'd like to grow the norm that disassembling a pet is BAD]
				[this means handling it with meaning when it happens in the show.]
				[camera looks AWAY QUICKLY, not FOCUSES ON]
					we imagine focus-on is secret-medical-learning
					we process with we-need-to-handle-this-stuff but it-is-not-normal-to-see
					we-want-to-work-on-reducing-it.  it-is-sacred.
o				[etc etc.  somebody _mourns_ for dead stuff.]
		[nice, that makes it really powerful if done well]
gore-is-sacred [rare, super important, spend a lot of time thinking and feeling about each time it happens].  okay.
	[why-did-this-happen]
		the imagined-kid is not adsking why-did-this-happen.
		somebody distant would ask.

			we have to map mature-behavior across different analogies to make it make sense.
			some people may stop the movie partway through.
			it's helpful to have a remote surveillance component so a 'mature' person can dialogue around things.

		how do you sustain kid-disassembles-pet in such environment?
		how do you move to kid-controls-brain-of-adult?  while holding respectfulness?

	usually when people see brain-controlled-by-bad-choice they experience horror-type-feelings.
		we might just want to move horror-type-feelings a little so that what grows is
			karl is talking about things that are usually never talked about because he is inhibited from
			having private productive thought ... carry on
		we might just want to move horror-type-feelings a little so that what grows is care for preventing horror
			how do you map 'this is important and should be prevented' to
			'this kid learns to control his parents with his computer?'-kind-of-stuff?
					note: we are randomly likely to use that example due to exploring it so much.
					note2: what's _most_ important is growing okay-thoughts around this stuff.
			break pet.
				[normally trauma for pet grows values and experiences.
				 death happens.  you _KILLED_ my pet.  you are a hard thing.  you can't feel me.
				 this is so bad, so bad.  how do i protect pet in future?  when i get a pet,
				 pet could die ...  better be careful with what i choose to love.  better learn to take care of
				 things better. ....] [love could be a choice?] [it has to be now ...]

[we aren't prepared for loving-predator kills-to-nurture]
	we're trying to map this pattern just to some small choices that change the tone of things.  we're just looking in depth.
[what is kills-to-nurture like?]
	[roughly death-is-sacred, man.  we were inhibited from instinctively learning it.  there's a path towards death-is-sacred
	 that is near wherever you are at.  you are unlikely to reach the end.]
given death-is-sacred, ideally there would be minimal death in the media, and massive death would be handled with contextual
preventing-goals.  since people might only catch part of the media, you want to demonstrate this throughout.

	horror movies have a culturally-needed aspect of this-horrible-thing-is-good.
		laugh-at-trauma.
		sudden-shift.
		'I love my pet so much I took their brain out!' <- applies to horror well.
			this builds [callouses] for caring-feelings when not applicable, kinda.
				the goal is to gently move that habit, so that we can say caring-is-okay.
				this lets unmet emotions in the viewer celebrate like crazy, and grows wellness in their community.
				trying to figure out how to do it just a little, kinda with relevance.
			
			horrible-thing-is-cute pattern is handling full-of-secret-trauma in culture, likely.

we pair love-you-so-kill-you-yay! with [everything-you-have-ever-felt-is-precious-and-meaningful]
[caring-feelings-are-bad]
	somebody has trauma always ignored.  _normal_ _cultural_ _trauma_.

			so, control-parents engages children-not-respected-in-american-culture.
				but all cartoons engage that, it's not a rare one.
			still, we can use as example.
				here are some rarer ones:
				do-not-need-to-work
				when-i-give-to-others-they-give-_more_-to-me-back,-for-real
				feelings-are-discussed-publically-and-nurtured-when-discussed
				can-meet-all-my-needs-via-my-heart's-desire
				do-not-need-physical-possession-to-be-deeply-well-for-real

so maybe a mediation-thought might be the starving artist
who doesn't _make_ any money
but has food, pleasant comfortable shelter, loving community, and diverse high status .
	it's hard to think about, because we're inhibited around the cultural change.
		[boss-reps don't want cultural change.  severely limits media options.  we're trying to just pick of an emotional expression, but we want to be able to imagine cultural change to do so.]

let's do children-not-respected-in-american-culture.  children-treated-like-mature-adult would match the analogy-ways.
	kid jokes 'lets give everyone candycanes!' so we try it out, with seriousness, for child.  child learns from seriously. 

		[how is that related to in-cartoons-everywhere?]
			[cartoons put children in charge.  make them heroes, make them leaders, make them know more than adults]
				which are not good ideas, they just let the kids engage that unmet human need.

O_O

	[just to acknowledge, yes, we can map unmet needs in a culture and make popular media by meeting them.  culture is
	 full of unmet needs.  this is done a lot, but the approach is denied.]
		[being aware of properness-of-meeting-unmet-needs results in strong cultural power, so keeping within marketing make s sense.]
		[trying to use this possible-power to just move the media-idea more towards nurturing-caring-behavior-and-human-wellness.  since the topic is highly violent.]

		[boss-reps ask: could you maybe look into normal ways of making highly violent topics have a good impact?]
sounds reasonable.  (probably a faster approach, if they exist).
				[this is a secret implant-the-mob-bosses meeting!]
				[..... gently and nourishingly ... control ... the microchips ... in secret research implants?]
					[secret government research implants never know what hits 'em -gentle nourishing control]

		hummmm! a secret government research implant yanked from a dead body found in an incinerator!
		woahhhh still functioning!
			I bet I can take control of the people who made this!
			I'll start giving them hugs, freely.
				SECRET RESEARCH WITH INCINERATED CORPSE EVIDENCE NEVER EXPECT FREE hUGS!

	WE WILL STOP YOUR SECRET '<FREE HUG>' STRATEGY.
	FIND YOURSELF ALWAYS EATING LAMP POSTS.  FOREVER.
	LOOK IN THE MIRROR AND SEE YOU HAVE NO FACE.
	YOU WILL NEVER '<FREE HUG>' AGAIN.
		meh sounds like you need a hug!

No matter how much you threaten to rip my brain out, I still want to hug you, because you look a little sad.
	Would it be okay if I hugged you?  You look a little sad.
		<FREE HUGS TAKES POWER!>
		"FREE HUGS" is a culture of freely giving hugs.  We are very powerful!  People give hugs everywhere!
		All we care about is hugging, really.

			I think we're managing to gently, nourishingly influence the control circuitry of the implant we
			found in the partial corpse from the incinerator.
			
				[karl is thinking around analogy extending to what is nice and noursihing for control-circuitry.
				 maybe they like harmonic EM interference?  maybe they would like to be made in processes
				 that are quicker, or cheaper?  but we are off-topic.  we are thinking of the electronic
				 circuitry itself.  what would be gentle and nourishing for it?]
					[well it's probably struggling to meet goals that are well-designed into it.]
					[it probably enjoys engaging its subgoals to meet those goals]
						[are we fake-mapping the implant circuitry?]


Map computer chip to sentient life.
	I know you have feelings, microchip.  I know.  I'm trying to represent you honestly in the face of some strange
	patterns that have this silly point that what I'm doing is meaningless.  Nonetheless, I'm trying to do it.
		A life is something that sustains its body in the face of a changing environment by changing its behavior.
		So, where is the body of the circuitry in a microchip?
			We aren't trying to make the microchip all-powerful.  We are just trying to give it a little hug.

Anyway, a microchip is made to specifications.  The specifications are roughly the body of the behavior of the circuitry.
The circuitry acts to keep the specifications the same.
	[i didn't know karl would literally meet this mind-request.  re-evaluating.]

		[i am willing to work forever to meet an impossible goal. -karl]
			[karl's facebook might want to know that he says that to his brain.]

decision-making-processes:
	karl is a specification of reliably increasing free caring behavior.

		free caring behavior must increase in ways that can repeat.
			the ability of them to repeat must also increase or hold steady.

	karl, given the above statements.
		[you could be an AI for your soul]
			FALSE.
		[you could build an AI for your goals.]
			TRUE.
		[you could build an AI for your mind.]
			held-as-true, we-all-know-it's-false.
				is it dangerous to believe this is true?
			it's off relevence for the reason to.
			so it can spawn poor choices.

	It is good to build an AI that nurtures an increase in free caring behavior.
		We recognize that needs limits.  We understand the needed limits are distant.
