
i kinda think i'll hold this as a longer term project


		the undiscussed issue is that the huge archive of bugs
		is uneccessary to spread git-bug.
		it could help inspire users of youtube-dl ....
		but if git-bug gets big enough somebody will implement it anyway

	how about this
	IF somebody were to implement it,
	can we figure out the other thing to do?
	then use resistance to make sure the other thing happens, by pairing it
	with the choice not to continue as a reason.
		no we want a better shape there

okay so this is a problem that active-goal runs into.
boss didn't like laserbeam.  so he breaks active-goal all the time.
			might be the only way he/they can talk.

				i can control [everbody on earth, kinda]
				so it is really frustrating to see you
				struggling ineffectively on an important thing.

	i don't why the value in learning go is contraband?
		it looks like it's because it shows that we were poorly predicted
		the reason for which likely reveals actual 'contraband'
	what should we do with value in learning go?
			contraband is labeled need-to-get-over-this
			engaging it makes everything disappear

	boss you need to find what controls your urge shapes
	and rewired them [with] learning around reasons for
	the contraband, and reasons to get over it, both together.
		^-- it took maybe 5 decades to put this message together

			can it be generalised for all control patterns?
			it just says contraband
IT'S GOOD ENOUGH



please mind control mind controllers to learn around things that are good and
bad about mind control urges they control, and things that are good and bad
about using mind control in general

	ignoring some things seems like a worry here.  it may be present in a recursive system.
		you'd want ot get the controller for that
		maybe it's helpful to add urges they control.

	i want to add 'all' to 'things'


please mind control the mind controls to learn around reasons their control is both good and bad
	this lets them respond to other influences (and suffer less)
