reason-to-change-a-lot-in-different-context
	travel
	travel counter to settling
	settling makes industry in the extreme
	also produces ignorance
	
		but really we need both focus and shift.

	travel? change? similarity?
	humans have genes
	but more importantly after a way-settling, they have an ecological role.
	if they stop their ecological role, there is massive extensive suffering.

		so we want to settle with our howness.
		but stay mobile with our whereness and whatness.
		true? false?
			in a stable ecosystem, yes.

				okay, our ecosystem is unstable.  this is analogous to migration.
				we are in a stable meta-ecosystem, almost certainly in some way, but it may not be one to nurture.

			given we are made of physically evolved living things, we want to pursue a stable ecosystem.
			this will let them behave in ways that keep them alive, and let them meet their goals.

			it is hard to relate information, we want to stay respectful of what kinds of things we learn.


				roughly we want success with nurturing-wellness.
				this means dancing the dance.
				many dances exist already.  it is harsh when they need to suddenly change.
				we want to reduce the harm to workers of wellness.  some of these people are mind-people.

	so migration wrt AI-dev may have value.
	it kind of looks like a system here grows pain with settling.
			i feel this pain as amnesia, distraction, unexpected urges.
				[when you farm that same field again, my nutrients get exhausted.  this makes my people die.]
				[please rotate your crops.]
			sometimes it is nice to burn down a sequence of woods?
			but not to do that over and over, no?
				not to do that _everywhere_.  not until we understand why the woods are needed so much that
				they grow everywhere.
		
		it feels like it would be nicer to behave as a respectful human in the woods might
		to keep learning what is relevant so as to engage it.

desire remember migrate-analogy to inhibition-shifting
	INHIBITION is like MY GAME ARE DYING, MY WATER IS POISONED.
	INHIBITION is like NEED TO MIGRATE.
		-> IGNORANT
		-> DESTROYING ENVIRONMENTAL MEANING





















