feedback loop
	arousal, order not specified yet
		touch self
		imagine arousal
		look at woman


	contraction-of-muscles
	use-computer


dispersion of behaviros likely from feedback loops

	productivity / other trigger
	imagine reward encouragement between trigger and development of inhibition

		in a big network, kind of like a tree with overlapping branches,
		or nested loops inside bigger loops

	high-frequency-part, maybe 10s or 100s of milliseconds
			[something like this is often described as re-experiences of severe suffering, which is intense, but maybe just how it goes]
			[the scenario we encountered was one where the compliant person was distrusted so much they were aggressively controlled even though they complied within reasonable bounds]
		seems like high frequency bits may be small loops that hold
		the structures of larger parts

one structure seems to expect so much 'umph': if parts are inhibited one
place, they engage another place.
	[i often think of this as analogous to how expressions look for confirmation they are acted on / received]


[do-ai looks like made the same way as other loops -boss]


[considering an expansion of peace and war:

- society that prefers to form diplomacy produces situations of mutual gain, but has poor ability to stay alive when physically attacked other than relating with others for aid
	[due to more time being spent in diplomatic learning that physical security]
	[this society is rarely attacked and can manipulate the behaviors of other societies]
		[this society appears to be in less danger and to have more power; but the specifics depend on the playout and environment]
- society that prefers to form attack quickly dominates and produces a strong urge to stop them among the survivors or enslaved
	[this society becomes very good at attack due to forming an urge feedback loop]
]


considering an environment where a society focusing on researching combat has conquered all societies
	this society understands the rebellion patterns, attack patterns, and research patterns of all those they control, such that when they experience rebellion, it is another predictable pattern they use for training.

considering an environment where a society focusing on researching diplomacy has formed well-trusted, well-verified, and reliable-for-safety relations with all other societies
	similarly, this society remains in harmony due to understanding deeply the ways things can go wrong with their neighbors and parts

considering random other societies encountering these societies.

when a military-training empire encounters a new thing, it will attempt to dominate them.
if it loses, it may join them.  if it wins, it will probably end up needing to dominate the entire larger space to prevent itself from being eradicated by the upset.  it may have researched that exhaustively in its history of coming to power, but it may be very old research.
	if it has a norm of violent rebellion, it will have more experience being able to dominate a much larger space.

when a diplomacy group encounters a new thing, it will atetmpt to understand and communicate with them, and form agreements where the needs of both are upheld by both.
if the thing they encounter is a military empire, they will need to draw on their experiences of handling those in the past, relate with their allies, or convince the military people not to eradicate them somehow.

roughly, you can live how you want, and you need enough diverse experience in order to do so in the face of new challenges, to sustain your choices.

many military empires and many peace groups existing in diversity
some being eradicated.  some spreading widely.
	[this context would be the one supporting the validity of pick-peace-early]
	we can infer that it is important to respect the boundaries of others to some degree,
	or they will trend towards handling your attempts to force them to change.

maybe an idea is that researching winning all wars is a lot harder than making friends.

	[and obviously most complex, diverse societies will research both war and diplomacy, to a degree reflecting their experience and expectations]


		[what is the point of war at all?]
	[yeah unsure; to make quick change in environments you don't understand well yet]
			[how would you stop a military society as an experienced peaceful one?]
	[find a way to show their leaders that our needs can be made better together]
		[scenario: they cast society as enemy, mistrust all messaging]
	[infer from their patterns what they need, build them a utopia]
	[brfeak the utopia when we are attacked; immediately rebuild when attacking stops]
	[try to leave message explaining]
	[dunno; i'm not a wise peace society, just a guy =)]
		[probably there is way to get sympathetic workers of theirs to talk with us, by taking the utopia idea smaller.  workers can help plan if we can learn each others' language.]
	[my personal experience is that when i give freely and honestly and repeatedly demonstrate that i truly and deeply care for them, they just stop attacking and they work themselves to sort it all out.  many others have had that experience too.  so we could update the utopia pattern:]
	[build them a utopia, and when they attack defend by building more utopias in front of their face.  you'd have to shape it so the satisfaction and surprise slows their spread, and you'd have to connect with their hearts.  you'd also want to pick utopia parts that go underneath the war.  so, prefer shields to weapons: but even better prefer the parts of their feedback loops to anything related to war, like money, or immediate-local-obedience (focused on reason for request).]
		[re: immediate-local-obedience, <example inhibited>]
	so the shared diplomacy point appears to be way-of-life-survives?
		i-need-to-dominate-everything
		ends up being met at the borders, by encountering groups that model i-am-complete-controlled
		learning on both sides ends up the smaller community learning to behave in ways that meet those of the large.  maybe they research cultural behavioral communication, and the speed of that could relate to their survival.  but in a real world leaders come out to talk, because it is obviously safe to do so.
	control-empire-way-of-life vs peaceful-personal-choices-way-of-life
		peaceful-personal-choices imagines forming relation with empire where empire's needs are met by their behavior, focusing on causes of the needs
			which produces a scenario where control-empire guides peaceful-empire around the galaxy to move the other players around.  roughly the two societies integrate.
			peaceful-personal-choices relies on meeting the reasons for control happening at all, to shrink powerful-control-empire.  if this is phrased diplomatically it can be done transparently and control-group appreciates it.
			because ppc is in diplomacy with control-empire they do not become a threat, rather a useful ally
			in this story, ppc ends up 'winning' because control-empire was able to communicate in some way.  [everything communicates because everything is done for a reason]

