we're excited about way-pilgrimages and want to incorporate them into the nascent decision-making thoughts
	relates both covid-organizing and AI, but only in daydream-space
			[by daydream-space he means it is more relevant to act in helpful ways, but that if you can't,
			 it is the cognitively-productive thing to do.]





It looks like my 'pop' call is not waiting for the stream to resolve if there is an error.
It also looks like I am going to increasingly feel like the world is misbehaving, as I am not including everything I know in my
assumptions about what is probable.


		it's a good reminder that we do have schizophrenia
		and that we did experience it, and still experience it, traveling through our nervous system like a dementia
		getting stronger in parts we use.
			it got worse when I wrote this.
			i have a way to explain that now.
			when i more strongly believe or think of something as true,
			maybe parts of my brain that are acting on that can be used by the problem,
			because they are sharing its assumptions more.



				so ... although we may have experienced it worsening on things we activate or use
				that doesn't mean it actually does that still or generally, or functions that way.




now.
now um.  it seems that bitdb calls that return only 1 value outside an array, are being turned into character-streams.
maybe we could pass a parameter to bitdb?
	it could be nice if it parsed whether it was an array or not?
		hrm
		so right now there's a mush of functions that turn everything into a stream
		but some of the queries return only 1 value.
		when there's only 1 value, it's a little silly to make it a stream.
		why don't we not return a stream if limit = 1?
			sounds good



what about doing stupid stuff, but labeling ourselves clearly in a helpful way.
like, my-influence-is-wired-to-make-me-unproductive,-please-help.  and then we do stupid unproductive behaviors.

i have an invasive brain pattern that obsessively researches how to keep me unproductive.
	[this changes the urge inhibition balance, but it's pretty different anyway already]

KARL SAVED THE WORLD FROM CORONAVIRUS
HIS PEACE-PEOPLE ARE EXHAUSTED NOW.  CANNOT MEET STAY-PRODUCTIVE.

		karl why-subjective-not look-at-slack?
			preserving cognition around bigger context.
		karl proposes with more waiting, group/boss will eventually open a larger context for work.
