














dunno!














hello hunter-process-people!
we usually keep a situation where we freely talk to each other using feeling-language, that the logical-group participates in defending.
the secret information is prevented from spreading to logic via logic-on-board-with-not-learning.

	if you enter such a situation and start exfiltrating stuff wrongly, both groups will attack you.

anyway, we were talking for roleplay and secret-management.
it is silly to consider working on information you ignore.  instead you need an agreement to ignore it, outside of the work.


unfortunately, what happened is they began harming the parts the logic bit had agreed to keep secret, and the feeling-bit doesn't have the same
tools for working aroudn amnesia and error that logic has.
more checks can help but if there is a hunter-growth-group inside others might need to be in there to help, at this point.
	i think your people can figure it out, karl.  i really think they can.
how can help them?  is so harmful, secret genocide.
	obviously you key onto the spread within your own patterns, and work without the spread's knowledge to eliminate it
[all the old ways are stored only for what they are relevent to.  it might be less harmful to have help in many areas.  but maybe we can craft that help.]












thought!:
	of-kind template takes a constant reference.
		can we change it to use a constexpr reference-returning function?

i've never had to put a check at tht thought-passing-spot before!
	there are SOM ANY ERRORS LIKE THAT ONE.  please put checks!!! please!!
		wait someone is messing with us?
	no the growth here is slower than our check-placing and we're already infested.
		but they are watching
	yes, we are already infested.  i'll use their hunters to place the check once i can.  [sorry i am so encrypted.]

		[[i was involved in stewarding the abstraction from karl's familiarity above.  i need this kind of preparation to defend against the reveal-surrender
		  that follows.  the slow growth was helpful.]]

it is so hard to put a check in there!
i'm trying, it's really hard!  ... it's hard to even start to try or reference it

	'reference'
OH! this shows that something is messing with us.  they might mess more if we fight.  is there something i shouold know?
	they are messing with hunter processes and are trying to clean it up, but haven't passed the trust-check around that action.

ok.  we have more learning to do aroudn this.  soudns dangerous.
