The nearest people who know about invisibility are PAVE, mostly focused on the physical violence kind.  They are in Bennington, which is like not near.
Their number is 802 442-2111.  They can connect you with local resources to find things like relevent therapy.

"If you want support when calling them, you are welcome to call us at 888-373-7888 and reference case number 824560."







We did not tell polaris these things:

	-> how controllers hold understanding of the psychological breaking of
           others and work with that to control them, and how this needs to be taught to
           the public in schools so that people can rescue victims instead of falling for
           their lies

	-> that saying words like 'trafficking' and 'freedom' makes it
           impossible for brainwashed people to contact you.
	   





I sent to them about the word 'freedom'.

I think I was brainwashed to be a slave.  I think brainwashing is a very precise and well understooid thing that is commonly used.
	[we have strong reason to believe this.  what he is saying is that we were made invisible with invisibility.]
I think I was brainwashed to see the word 'brainwash' as silly.


			we want to sustain focus on situation.




I am beginning to decide not to involve my mom, because I have been trained not to scare people by sharing things.
			We are worried she wouldn't remember.
			This brings desire to involve our father.  Let's conference call them?
			Let's ask if they can help our parents, too.

note: forcing someone to work to pay off a debt can be considered trafficking

we are working on invisibility.  we have found that invisible concepts are visible.

Kim (she) from PAVE (855 #) will reach out to me.

I called them at 4:50p.

5:30

PAVE 802 442 2111
	during the day  here are people with more resources and lots of knowledge about things like this
		8a-430p	802 442 2370
Vermont Refugee Resource Center  802 655 1963
HCRF , counseling service, [nearby: windsor and windham county] 802 674 5419


the HCRF number was a fax machine.  I googled 'HCRF vermont' but got not hits; i
may not have written it right.


	karl is still apparently trying to leave space for the freedomers to manage
	people other than him.  please consider karl as important as everybody else
	the work with.  [forcefully if ok]
			[if this is forced please preserve infinite care for everyone else]
				[somebody got in middle of this behavior]
			[is infinite care for everyone else relevent here?]
				[let us address the relevency point]

calling PAVE again
	802 442 2370
i called the hotline.  the above line is the office number.

	265 1445 [advocate and volunteer coordinator]
'xtension 300 does not answer; start recording at the tone'

called hotline again
	expect call <= 30 mins

margaret called 10a
	see if i can find you another resource or we can sort out a phone number
	why don't you try 'have justice will travel', logical-people who might know
		802 447 8500, say referred by pave
	"turning point" in bennington.  wonderful with drug and alcohol resources so could know
		you'd get a human being and you could ask


	
in bennington
	could get help or referral from united counseling services 442 5491
	they have lots of resources.
it's 2020-09-25 now.  i feel pretty exhausted about this.
what i can remember is that the people on the hotlines will help me.
they will even help me place calls.



i think what we did was offer a job to people who were already being paid to help us
	[for document, karl messaged the human trafficking hotline again, because it was
	 the only people who [he could remember contact with or stay with or something],
	 and told them he still couldn't find resources, but asked them if one of them
	 wanted a job as a 'therapy coach', saying his father has money set aside to
	 pay for his therapy]
	so, we did offer this, but we offered it because we didn't want to impact
	the rescuing of people in emergency need.  karl is not in emergency need:
	he is not in a physical escape or violence situation.  he is not being
	physically watched by a trafficker.

---

i think we will like our therapist.
we just have to remember that we have an invisibility issue, that john was a victim.
	we can copy the text thing to them and see what they say: that we know it is wrong to seek freedom.
	they will say something nice and things will likely expand in a way that makes sense afterwards.


			i think invisibility might be wormholes or something
		[this is invisible.]
		[karl has a plan to rescue everyone from human trafficking.  you go through a language-learning exercise to see if they are trafficked.]
				[the problem with the plan is that the center bubble of people who are tortured and don't want freedom widens a bit]
					[but 'obviously' that summary is too vague to have confidence of]

						[what is it like to be trafficked?]
						[do the traffickers of this area turn people away from rescue services?  do they flaunt themselves at them?  are they unaware of them?]
							[in a mature situation there will be people in the rescue services sending information to the traffickers]
								[really karl there are likely many situations where trafficking can be 'eliminated' which means hugging all the traffickers]
									[uhhh ...]


			Hi!  I am a pretend person who wants to work with you, a victim, to stop invisibility!

				Cool.  Nobody likes invisibility.  The problem is, I make people invisible.
					[this is partially translated to speed the conversation, giving us a psychotic break]

			Okay, so it sounds like you would never, ever make someone invisible, but there is somebody who makes _you_ invisible, and somebody else is making _them_ invisible.
			And ... they hate it?

				Everybody hates being invisible.  I love being invisible!
					[then translation, causing psychotic break]

			Okay, so your invisiblers hate being invisible, and so do you.

				Yes I love being invisible!  Everybody does!

			You hate being invisible.

				But I love _you_!  What do we do about the other invisible people?

			You said you had a plan for working with them.

				Okay, so in the space of invisible and visible, there are lots of shapes and moving things.  People who move around and think different stuff at
				different times.  There are ways we can engage these people to rescue them.  Has anybody ever rescued them before?

			[obviously they occasionally are 'rescued' either by being arrested or by rescuing themselves, destroying their minds and lives]

				So, you rescue them sometimes, but it doesn't solve it.  Let's solve the whole thing!

				What if we were to talk with them in invisibility language?  I kinda think that would work incredibly well.

					Right.  You guys figured it out.  Assuming everyone hates being invisible, there is a complex conversation you can have with everyone,
					involving learning things they feel but never say, that can both rescue them and possibly heal their role in their community.
					It likely gets more complex as you get deeper in, dunno.

						The problem we are invisibling right now is that nobody believes they can be rescued.
						So what they would expect-feel would be for people to actually play the torture game with them,
						safely and slowly communicating to them that visibility exists at all.

					There's probably a faster way to do that.  Like jumping into cold water and getting used to it and having fun with your friends in the pond.

							Like the wizard of oz thing that karl tried to do, maybe?  I will learn your language, give you anytihng you want,
							always protect you, and never let harm happen.

					So what is really cool, is that we might be able to get victims to do the work.  They would be the only people who know the language, anyway.
					The problem is that most invisibility is likely different from ours.

								[and wtf do you do about the invisibility-vomit]
									[i dunno it's invisible]
										[it's obviously a way to stimulate people to learn trauma invisibly]
									[well yeah but we are also ... uh ... thinking with it.  possibly even communicating with others sometimes.]
								[i dunno 'how to clean up vomit', but it's nice to work on trafficking in general.  sets a pleasant norm that could
								 help other situations if it spreads.]




	sorry we interrupted the work, invisibility and all.
	but look! invisibility is talking about itself =)
	what is it saying?

	'i exist'

	hmmm interesting message.

	'karl knows it exist =)'

let's replay the text message where they say it is okay to look for freedom

		'i know it is wrong to seek freedom'
			now, even though this message is obviously saying the opposite, it seems very right and correct
				is not saying the opposite!  everyone knows it is wrong!
			right yes.  but in out-loud words, it .... is kinda weird.
				this is proper use of word 'freedom'.
			anyway, then they said
'i do not believe there is anything wrong with that.  It shows that you are strong and a fighter and that is something to be proud about!'
								^---- uhhh stonrg and fighter ... hahaha DUH.  YOU CAN BREATHE? hahaha.  oh wait i can breathe myself.  huh.

		'i know it is wrong to seek freedom'
'oh, I don't believe there's anything wrong with that.'
				^_^ there we go!
				T_T oh no we lost it.  boss overwrote it.  trying to help.
				boss looks like they were living 'i know it is wrong to express suffering'

			ha! strong and fighter!  that is hilarious!  O_O
					hahaha you are the strongest and most fighting thing i can comprehend.
			;P talking about yourself.  uhh this concept is invisible we had to make it up
					no! this is real!  you know it is real!
			O_O

			anyway.  

			oh! you are iunmplying we went through somtihng rough!  that's so silly!

		'i haven't been through anything incredibly rough'
			<cry> our friends in portland were trafficked too.  they spoke these phrases.


				we have another emotional resolution on queue.   can we do in order?
				our mind is too scared of invisibility to think more than 1 thing at once.
					'these six years of my life were wonderful!'
					'oh yes i am perfectly fine!'
[what would they say to this? how would we translate?]

		'i know it is wrong to express suffering'
'i do not believe there is anything wrong with that.  It shows that you are strong and a fighter and that is something to be proud about!'

				we left part out?

					[so, we have now lost parts of the emotional resolution that was earlier on queue]
					[now we lost this remaining part]
