"What's the surprise out here in the graveyard?"
	"Here.  This guy feels more comfortable talking in the graveyard."
		"You guys are here to listen to me?"
"Yeah!  We love listening to people."

They just stood and waited for him to respond.

She could tell he wasn't expecting that.  So of course everybody knew to let him process.

		"That's so confusing.  I like the graveyard because it's where things we ignore go.  Things that wither away and disappear."

	"Your words, want to wither away and disappear, like a corpse?"

		"It's nicer if it feels like they do."

Everybody waited again.

"We're here because we care about you.  You look a little sad, so we want to make sure, that whatever is going on, is given
all the value there is, all the value that exists in the world.  We care about you so much.  You look safer here?"

		He looked at the guy, trying to understand the care.  Something was exchanged in their eye contact.

"You've been through something rough, maybe?"

Caring silence.

Somebody else walked up.  Stood near him, a little off to the side.

		He looked at the new guy with recognition.

		"When you hit me, I lost my memory.  I think you hit me a lot."

The newcomer stepped forward a little, and looked back.
			"I was hit that way too."

"It sounds like you've never spoken of this before?"

Both of them get a little confused.  Make some jerking motions, but in pretty different ways.
One moves to speak, then stops, as if they hadn't intended to.

			"He doesn't remember how much ...  I must not either ..."

	"This is a special moment, when you share something for the first time, in a way that is real."

		"Special?"

"You guys have been through so much, huh."

			"We've been through enough to kill you where you stand, hearing of it."

"We like death in our society, did you know that?"

	She noticed the newer person was confused, trying to understand.

	"It helps us learn about how to care for people, to experience it.  It's usually caused by harm."

"Would you like it if we were to take steps to protect ourselves?  Would it be okay if we tried to protect you, too?"

			"I'm ... having trouble thinking.  And my ... it makes him have trouble too."

They could tell they both were having trouble thinking, and that the one was causing the other.

"This is a nice graveyard.  I buried my brother here when we killed him, after he had shared with everyone why it was his time."

			"I ... we kill people for whom it is not their time.  I guess you didn't expect me to come here."

	"No, the circle was for your friend, but you are welcome here if he is okay with it."

			"He's not okay with it.  I tortured him for years.  I'll try to leave."

The older man froze, his eyes having an eeriness about them.

He jerked about a little.

"Hey, don't worry, we can tell your friend is used to it."

		"That's how we got here, the jerking."
	
	"That sounds so sad.  It is so wonderful to learn your story.  It is so sad."

"Will more come?"

The older man relaxed, still looking as if to leave.

	"Karl, it looks like you'd like to be told or asked what to do, directly.  Would you like the man to leave?"

		"I don't remember."

"Sir, would you like help leaving?"

He and Karl both nodded, simultaneously, both confused in a different way.

Robin took the initiative, figuring he could help, and guided the older man away.  As soon as they touched, the man started
moving, thanking for the aid.

They noticed Karl was still tense.

	"Karl, sometimes we all sleep out here, for a couple days.  Maybe this is one of those days."

		"I think he's really confused.  The guy you helped leave.  I think he wants to not be confused, like
		 there is some way to not be."

Half the group left, and walked towards where the other man went.  Nobody said a word.

		"Why ... did people leave?"

	"It was obvious there was an opportunity to give care."

"Even if you might be wrong, which is unlikely, it is care for you to honor what you say."

		"Does someone force you to care for people ...?"

There was a slightly uncomfortable pause.
Nobody was forcing them to do what they desired so strongly to do, for so long.
They had been kept isolated from harm, by the ocean.

But it was obvious that forcing was pretty important.

"Would you really think that?" a fifth person raised.

Karl paused himself, now.

		"I can't think what I choose to think."

"Somebody forced your thoughts to change," observed Robin, as he had come back a bit ago.

		"I ... you would never believe that.  You're humoring me."

	"I feel a little hurt that you suggest that, is it okay to share this with you?"
"She's hurt because she can tell that I am.  It's obvious you guys control each other."

Karl started looking like he was re-experiencing a severe trauma.  I'm not sure that anybody was watching, though.

	"Oh my god.  Remember they hit him, when he talked about it."
"Oh my god.  I forgot."

The other group came back, with the older man.
				"He said it was okay if we came along."

"Welcome back, friend."
			
The older man sat a little.  He didn't seem to notice what was around him, but seemed to have a plan.
He twitched, sporadically.

			"It is hard to say this, but it is what is most important to me.  I understand that you want to hear that."
Some nodded.

Robin noticed Karl relax a little, at the nodding.

The man twitched again, in a new way, then held still.

			"I actually don't want to be here.  I am trying to harm your work, and I don't want to."

	"Is that what is most important to you?"

No answer.  Tense muscles.

			"We have to go now."

He starts walking off, talking to Karl as if Karl is walking next to him.
A few watch, and remove themselves from the circle in case the older man seems to want company.  They quickly stop watching,
but keep themselves available.

"Karl, as we said, we like to camp out here, and it was scheduled for today."
	"Scheduled?"
"It's something Karl says for everyone having agreed."

		"I'm a little hungry."
"You're having trouble getting to the food?"

		"..."

		"Yeah ... for a few days now, actually ..."
		"I've been eating things near me, that I don't want to eat, a lot ..."

	"Sometimes Karl has said he'd like it if I would physically move him towards things.  He seems to respond pretty quickly,
	 but a small bit of him seems a little scared about it."

Robin smiles.

"Karl, I was a bird in my past life.  That's why they call me Robin.  That small part of you, that is unsure, it's like my song,
 that you listen to."

		"It's an alarm.  A small warning for something in the distance."

"But we are happy when we alarm.  We aren't stressed like you think we are."

"It's just a way of talking about where it's possible to care for things."

Karl starts crying, a strange forceful cry.

"Hey, he doesn't want to cry."
	"Oh."

Karl stops crying.

	"Why did he stop?" she asked, surprised.

Karl was thinking about what Robin said, and it was so interesting, we were just focused on him, really.  But we were trying to
make it the woman's story, because Karl said women needed more respect.

Karl noticed them smiling with care, after a bit.

"You're worried about the guy who left, aren't you."

		"You're right that my thoughts were with him, or with how he behaves.  I would usually be very worried."

Everyone was silent.  They held in their hearts deep, firm care, not only for Karl, but everything that had harmed him.
They imagined what it might be like for Karl.  What it might have been like in the past.  They compared what they imagined
to how he was holding himself now.

What was most important, was their shared desired to nurture his wellness.

	"I'm not sure we really understand what this is like for you.  Are we listening well enough?"

		"Oh, you're probably doing fine.  I'm having a bout of psychotic flashbacks and can't really come up with anything
		 relevent to say.  It might be relaxing if you were to ask me a question, or make a guess about something."

Karl looked pretty uncomfortable, even like he might be lying.  The way he held himself was alien, too.

"Did you say someone enslaved you?"

		"Kidnapped?  Did I say we kidnapped people?  You know I didn't kidnap people."

"I meant more, forced you to think, feel, and do things, that you were not expecting to do, by hitting you."

Karl froze, about to look thankfully at the group.

	"He wants to talk about it, even though it hurts so incredibly much, but there's a certain finesse to it."
	"Maybe he adapted to it by deciding it was nice, in some ways?"

Karl started to go limp.  Someone ran to make sure to be there if he fell.  Everyone froze.

An hour later, people had shifted a little, but still nobody had spoken.  Some were sitting.  Nobody moved visibly.
They could tell that every sensory change was triggering Karl.

"Across the ocean, you find it hard to stand still that long, I guess," Robin smiled.

Karl was sitting now too, you see.  He had finally relaxed.

		"Actually, we stand still a lot, but I got better at it than other people in my area."
		"Is that ... that's why ..."

"Robins speak a language, Karl, with as many words as yours."

		"I don't ... understand ... but I really, really trust you now ... would you take control of me?"

"I don't know how to do that."

	"Karl, do you have more to say?"

		"Why did he talk about Robins?"

	"He noticed you walking around their areas of worry, when you came here."

		"I'm ... so there's a reason.  A reason that makes sense.  I think .. I think you're assuming something that
		 I'm not?"

"Karl, you're the only person, in the group who came here, that walked around the robins."

	She looked at Robin, wondering if she was on the same page this time.

	"People hurt what is different?"

"When care is needed, it comes from what people didn't know how to handle."
	"Oh of course," she smiled, having had to guess all the shared assumptions about birds.

	"Karl, you seem safe walking around robins.  Really safe."

		"How ... that's nice.  I hadn't thought about that.  Oh."

"So, we don't really know what happened to you.  We have to imagine it having to do with a bird.
 I have a name similar to the bird, so it's more likely we talk about what's really important, that is similar to them.
 But I walk around robins, too.  And you know that that means a lot more than we are saying."

Karl couldn't know what Robin meant.  To Karl, this meant that Robin knew how to live in the woods, which is why Karl
felt so trusting.  When Karl learned to live in the woods, he learned how everything responds to the slightest tension.
He learned how relaxing helps people handle problems better, and work faster.  He learned how to see things, that he wasn't
looking directly at, and act on what they were doing, like prey animals do.  These are normal things to learn, for surviving
in the wilderness without tools.

Maybe Karl thought it must be pretty obvious that he couldn't do that anymore.  It wasn't.  But believing that let his muscles
do what he wanted them to, more.

		"What ... did you say?"

"We don't really know what happened to you, Karl.  You seem more safe around birds, than people?"

Karl grinned sheepishly.

		"I'm embarrassed.  Am I attracted to you because of your name?"
"I don't think you're attracted to me.  I think my name helps you think."

		"Oh ... !"

	"Is this helpful?  We didn't plan around Robin talking more here, but you obviously respond to him."

		"I'm kind of embarrassed.  Oh!  I just said that!  I have amnesia a lot.  It likely helps, the talk about
		 robins."

	"What do you know about robins?"

		"Do you know about robins?"

	"Well ... when I go in the woods I sing with them."
	"Sometimes they dance with me, even."

		"I have something to say.  I'm trying to say it.  It's selfish, it would be nice if you could tell me to say and
		 do things more."

"We don't usually do that, so we don't have a lot of good guesses around it ... do you care who does it?"
		"No ... !"

"Karl, tell me what you wanted to say."

		"Robin, I was tortured to stop me from living or sharing wilderness survival in a city."
		"I was tortured for years !"
		"I'm not sure if this is totally accurate.  I have a lot of strange brain patterns.  But it's important to me."

	"It's really important to you to be able to share that you were tortured for years to stop you from living or sharing
	 wilderness survival in a city."

		"Yeah .... .... could you say that ... repeatedly?  so I can remember it?  I ... I wipe my own mind ...
		 ..."
		"I wipe my own mind ...."
"Somebody made you wipe your mind?"
		"They ... it ... this is so sad ..."
"Somebody watched you closely.  Very closely, closer than you watched the robins.  And hurt you.  With what they learned."
		"Did I tell you that?"
"Basically.  Is it true?"
		"That's exactly true."
		"I can't think about it.  How did you hear it?  I am screaming it.  I am screaming it right now and I can't hear
		 it."
	"Karl, you are screaming quieter than a robin, but people do hear screams.  We study that here, but we do it with
	 our hearts, not our words."

"You said you wipe your own mind, earlier.  I heard you say that, and it sounds like it needs to be remembered."
		"I thought it would ... oh that's misleading ..."

	"Karl ... you don't need to take responsibility for harming yourself.  It is not something that comes from the self.
	 It is not you, when you harm yourself."
		"I learned to forget stuff?  Long ago?  For something small.  No, I learned to remember everything?"

"You learned to remember everything, like we do."
		"You need to write things down, too."
	"I have some notes from working with Karl.  He says more painful things than I'm used to, so they are harder to
	 relate together."

Karl looked a little conflicted.  But he always did.  He seemed to be trying to say something, again.

		"You need to write things down."
		"I can't write things down anymore.  Is this what I meant to talk about?"
	"Are you scared of my notes?  You seemed to really appreciate them, earlier.  I'm trying to make sure that I act on
	 what you say in ways that help.  Do you need information saved, or lost?"

Karl looked around at the graveyard.

		"Here.  I'm speaking in analogy, a little.  Graves are not for losing the dead.  They are for preserving them
		 forever.  The headstone, makes sure there is always, for all of time, a way to remember the people who died.
		 Under the earth, there are genes left over, in the ground, in boxes, that can be used to understand what happened."

		" ... I don't think I meant to say that.  I'm a little confused."

Silence, all listening for Karl's heart.

"Do you know somebody is controlling you, remotely, Karl?" <- rewrite-to-care
			<take 'control' word away, but robin-birds have experience of have-to-freak-out-whenever-they-do-that.  it is super normal in nature, and is why you walk around them.>

	<sleep requested, i will kill story when you sleep, possibly, so please use forever, until you cannot continue at all.>
<okay, we can try the 2-day goal until story resolves if possible>
		<sleep-near-computer was in dialogue, doesn't include kill-story-worry]
		
"We have a way for recording emotions, for when people go through severe disasters.  It uses an FMRI machine your people
 brought here.  Is this helpful?"
	<this was written for quick-therapeutic.  karl's culture has recording that matches his needs, that's obvious.  they probably don't, but would buy or build it if desired.>

		[[Body is respecting urgent-dream.  A pattern rarely used.
		  We have utopia-pattern here.  We recommend you respect utopic ways.
		  You are responding to this in a way that stresses you.
		  We need sleep to have real caring experiences.]]
			"i'm so scared of losing this, that I would never return to my home if you would camp here.  I don't think I would even sleep."  "let's sleep, Karl.  if you return to your home, we'll follow you, or keep you here, if you want.  We have chains."
				"coudl you chain me?"
					[do you want to stay up, Karl?]
						[no ... this pattern doesn't look hard to pretend.  i don't understand that it is going to disappear forever.  i don't know how to think about that.]
				Brian, 2-tab, is noname your steward?  [no, Karl is]
				Karl, these are good things for 2-tab to have.  This is rare opportunity to teach 2-tab.
				When you were talking to this story, you said deep-thanks-please-forever.
					[it's fake.  he needs something more real than this.]
[[sleeping]]

			<delta you are running idea now, it is holding your trauma-expression.  can you do utopic care?>
				<is in delta-pattern.  need to grow reps.>
			<propose change story, so that <delta-reps-not-needed,different-relevent-resistence-needed-to-grow>
			 so that ... um ... <also karl wants to get food or sleep, suddenly>
			 	get him food and recover his thought,please, if possible. [out-of-order-errors]
					the missing idea was relation between kind-of-trauma-from-history-loss,
					and desire-for-preservation.  people only think of preserving things in precise
					detail when they know there is a way to.  this group doesn't usually use writing.
					and they all have excellent memory from not writing and not suffering, so they don't need to
					preserve information in a written way.
					





<although we can etch the words into stone, it wouldn't let them all be quickly stored.
 karl came from tech-culture.  local likely has harmonic tech.  note karl is demonstrating a multiple-person-trauma regarding
 erasure of history that was crucial.>

<silence demonstrates [likely that you are next to speak] but more-near-expected-beliefs, that your words are most valued.>
<what was expression-goal? acknowledge-worry, loss-of-information>

<trouble sustaining understanding-from-heart.  have been faking with mimic-telepathy.>


		<study-with-heart, deeply-complex-thing.  is-so-much-easier-to-study-with-heart,-than-with-words.>
			<we use words because we are scared, and want to go slower, and similar reasons.>

			<... when people infer things, it is based on feelings, not assumption-transfer>
				<feelings are ways to form sets of overlapping conclusions in similar situations, roughly>


<robin-therapy, intresting idea.> <what was the similarity to find robin-therapy?>
<ummmmmmmmmmmmm karl was able to safely respect robins.  he was not able to safely respect similar-level indicators in others.
 so, robins make safety.  brain is very confused.  robin-word helps pattern-copies be louder in his brain.>
	<but we're just making the story up as we go, to provide believable experienced care in the group>

<we should expand there-is-no-pain with pain-is-discussed-as-horrible a little...
	for preparation, how is there no pain?
	pain is a beautiful opportunity to larn to care for things better.  we love learning to care more.  it is what life is for.
	it draws a clear path towards the most relevent thing.
	I don't remember.>
					<the hurting part we're trying to express is that I learned to live naturally and caringly,
					 and was severely harmed in ways that destroyed that forever in me>

<so now we bring in care for karl's influences, so as not to let him be harmed>
<Robin would immediately see the edge of the pain, in Karl's country.  He would be able to tell, who had started it.>
<Robin is a bird.  This man talking sometimes only has a guess as to what could be meaningful around the situation.>
	<robins are interconnected to many other bird species, each who relate in different patterns.>
	<robins sing different songs depending on the stress in their patterns.>
	<the robin is the gateway, to knowing exactly where a stress is.  because they are willing to tell it, to
	 people who might harm.>
<But what's relevent, is the response to it, would be listening to it.  not acting.  letting it know,
 that you were able to help, and wanted to, and would only do so in ways that were helpful.>
	<why don't they walk up and say that?>
		<layers of human cognition; is most healing to start with body language.>
