







	karl, could you update me what changed over the years?
	we don't have a lot of records

		'got cancer, moved to mass, then to wv, came back'
		'cognitive decline continuing, have some strong coping strategies'

	you said: 'people communicating from afar, memory loss, disorientation,
		   pattern recognition problems, attention and focus problems,
		   problems with visual perception of objects; seeing a person
		   as a collection of body parts rather than as a wohle;
		   misreading of words; auditory hallucinations; olfactory hallucinations'
	mri in 2016; updated; looked ok
	eeg done here, reported normal
			<eye movements on eeg, poor sleep experience, woke up at night>
	
		i mentioned hand issue, and pursuing it
	'there are variants where people can have fusion of the nerve ... recurrant ulnar
	 nerve ..'
	'do you have facial asymmetry now?'
		'yes my facial nerve was cut in the cancer surgery'
		'i've had a number of eye surgeries since'
	'parotid gland ... ewing sarcoma ...'

		... cognitive changes
	'problems with learning new information ... retention of information'
		'i can learn new things but it is incredibly hard, focus on for weeks'
		'i cannot form new habits, don't know how'
	
	'... what do you need help with on daily basis ...'
		' ... not good with adls ... in contact with advocate ...'

	'visual-spatial skills and visual perception?'
		'i can be staring right at something i'm looking for and not realize it
		 is there.  and that has been going on so long, that i have learned if
		 i can't find somehting, i am probably staring right at oit and unable
		 to see it, and i will go thorugh a bunch of coping strategies of feeling
		 for it, or looking for indications of it among the things i can see'

	'lose things in plain sight'
	'depth and contrast perception?  can you see uneven surfaces? dirt roads, changes
	 from wood flor to carpet, that kind of thing ...'
		'i haven't noticed any issues with that.  my issues are more around
		 things that i find meaningful or cognitive behaviors i use a lot.'

	'do you repeat conversation or questions to people?'
		'yes'
	'so people might say to you, we talked about that, or i told oyu about that already'
		'y'know i kinda think they don't say that cause they don't want to scare me'
	
		...
	'kind of a method of reflection where you might summarize what they said so they can reflect back to you that oyu might understand it correctly ...'
	
	'been hospitalized since i last saw you'
	'you were at uvm at some point ... dr easter[?], carrie stevenson[?] september 2019'
			'that would be uva'
		'from suicide threat'

	'have you been hospitalized in maine as well?'
		'before i saw you'

	'i think what i have may be basically up-to-date, still checking'
	'atrius health, maine health, mass general brigham'
		'mass general was near chemotherapy'
			'atrius was harvard vanguard near wellesley'
		... atrius was before 2016 when met this dr
	
	'have you had radiation therapy for the parotid tumor?'
		'yes i had radiation to the neck and a year of chemotherapy both,
		 i do not like relating this because everyone blames my neurological
		 issues on the radiation therapy, and they started before it.'
			'i don't blame it... i don't know who does'
		'other neurologists i talked to'

	'you received most of the care for the parotid tumor .... from ...
	 i see you saw dr wasp here ... see pet scan schdeuled'
		'yes i have a pet scan tomorrow'
	'do you know if he's going to include the brain with that? it would be informative'
		'that is something i want to ask you about ... it would help a lot'
	'if it's already scheduled it could be hard to do, but if they're already
	 doing the head and neck, the brain may be included ...'
	'i'm going to call the radiologist and put you on hold for a second'

	'i called them and they're going to add on the protocol for a dementia workup'
		'that's great thank you so much'

	'they're going to add on the protocol for the brain, in particular.'
	'sometimes they can pick up other abnormalities ... paraneal plast syndrome ...
	 some tumors can secret antibodies that affect other bodyparts including the brain,
	 and sometimes you can see abnormalities on the pet scan.'
	'if you're pet scan's normal, it doesn't always rule out things, like if somebody
	 had lyme disease or concussions in the past, you can't say that those aren't
	 contributing just because the pet scan is normal.'
		'when i had the eeg i had a whole bunch of involuntary eye movements
		 and i woke up repeatedly during the night ...'
	' that was 4 years ago?'
	'maybe since you've had continued decline it's worth repeating that workup'
	'have you had an mri?  are you having one?'
		... maybe 2016 four years ago during cancer treatment
	'i don't have any recent labs ...'
		'we can help find some of those too ... we've been trying to store them ...'

		'lots of ct scans and pet scans ... mostly neck and torso ...'
	'you had a complete metabolic panel a couple days ago'
	'hemoglobin and hematocrit were ever so slightly elevated; not clinically significant'
	[indicates dehydration; not anemic]
	
	'going back to earlier topic; we could repeat an eeg; and you've had neuropsych testing
	 a number of times and i think the last time was 2015 or 2016.  have you had any since hten?'
		'they probably won't be in your system but i had one in west virginia around 2018 ...'
	'do you have cacess to that?'
		'i do, i don't know if he does, but it would take me a good ten or twenty to access it or report that it is hard to access'
	'you don't have to do it now but any time you could get a copy to me, drop it off or mail it or whatever'
		'can you accept emailed documents?'
	'if you have a scannde document you should be able to upload it as an attachment to mydh.'
		'i can probably figure that out'
	'or you can mail it to me ... whatever's easiest for you.  i look forward to seeing that and i can compare it to what you've had in the past.  have you ever had neuropsych testing here?'
		'no i haven't had it there.'
	'they're really comprehensive here.  i really respect our team.'
	... list .. if want to do that ...
	'neuropsych testing has a long wait list, about a year'
	we'll get you on that list
			'do you have the test done by dr mooney from wallingford?'
	'i have 1997, 2005, 2014, and 2015'
			'okay he's probably 2014 or 2015'
	'karl mentioned he has some from west virginia from 2018 i think.
	 i'd like to see that one next.'
	'pet scan will be informative too'
	'tell me about the psychotic break?  do you want to talk about htat neurologicall or
	 not / is it pertinent?'
		'i have psychotic breaks kind of on a cycle ...
		 [i said other stuff]
	'so it's kind of triggered and your emotions or body's response get out of control?'
		'it's kind of like i have an inner landscape that's very complex and very
		 easy to make mistakes in ...'
		took some time to discuss neuropathy with dr bouboulis
	'darien, ct'?
		'yes'
	'he did biopsies ... and found you have some kind of neuropathic process?'
		'i'm not sure what a neuropathic process is but he des
	'neuropathy'
		'yes he said neuropathy'
	'please get those records too'
	'i'm not a neuromuscalar specialist but we have neuromuscular specialists here, who
	 could see you for neuropathy'
			'was for insurance, test for neuropathy was negative, karl was saying that the counts were different between the legs'
	'the reason they did the biopsy, was it for small fiber neuropathy?'
		'it doesn't sound disfamiliar, but i don't really remember'
	'the asymmetry may not mean much; if they think the biopsy was negative that's more pertinent'
i		'i mention it because it is obvious to me that something is affecting the neves all over my body and it is a lab test demonstrating an anomaly'
	'it did?'
		'the doctor acted surprised that the counts were different; it looked to me like it might not usually happen'
	;have you had an emg?'
		'i had an emg of my right forearm to test the nerves to my fingers'
	'lower extremities?'
		'i haven't'
	'any records you can obtain would be helpful.  if we need an opinion from somebody
	 who is a nerve specialist we can do that for sure.'
	'i can take a look at those and see if we can take it any farhter'
		'i have very very rare visual and auditory hallucinations; i don't trust my sense of smell at all and figure it is always my imagination'
	.. voices etc ...
	'movement disorders? tremors? twitching, hjerking?'
		'when i last talked to you i mentioned dropping objects and shaking ...
		 it's kinda worsened ... i have states of mind where my body will kinda move
		 around and i can't control; in ways that don't do anything ... i don't
		 have funct
	'you remain conscious?'
		'yes'
		'i'm not talking about like something taking me over and doing weird things;
		 i'm talking about, like, there's a state of mind where my hips will rotate
		 back and forth, an dmy head will jerk, that i was handling a couple days ago
		 a lot'
		'i also have incredibly poor fine motor skills after a history of working
		 on electronics under a magnifying lens and playing the piano with skill,
		 my fingers jerk and i will tend to damage what i try to work on, if it
		 is too small.'
	'did you ever have a lumbar puncture? spinal tap?'
		'i had one for my cancer surgery'
		'no. sorry.  connecting the memory parts wrong.
		 i had one for a different surgery.  before i first saw you, before this
		 happened.'
		'dad i was reviewing paperwork on it earlier.'
		'hernia surgery.  they gave me a spinal ... anesthetic .. is that a spinal tap?'
	that's an epidural not a spinal tap
		'okay sorry.'
	'spinal tap is where they remove spinal fluid for study'
			we thought of doing that for lyme but never did
		'we have not done that'
		'father wants to talk about lyme some'
			'dr bouboulis was treating karl for not just lyme,
			 but also bartonelli, babesiosis'
	'.. anaplasmosis ...'
			'he had all those, and apparently the bartonella was difficult
			 to cure.  karl was on a mix of antibiotics'
	'and still are?'
			'no he stopped when living independantly, traveling around?'
		'is that true?'
	'how long have you been off of those?'
		'my memory is that i went through the whole protocol multiple times.
		 i'm not brinign back more vivid memories of finishing the protocol
		 with dr bouboulis; i think my father is remembering that we didn't
		 finish his remaining protocol including ivig and have missed our
		 appointments to continue.  but we finished the antibiotic portion.'
	'i'll document.  what is your recollection, bill?'
			'he had 2 ppl helping him in wv, and they were maintaining his
			 meds until he left, and he left his meds there, and they
			 asked me what to do with them.'
	'how did you come to see somebody in connecticut?'
		'i'd like to state here that I yes, left my meds in wv, and yes,
		 did finish the antibiotic treatment.'
		'dad maygbe you remember'
			'when karl was in spring lake ranch in vermont, around when he
			 saw you, he was referred to who was believed to be an expert
			 in lyme, dr wolfmann, who referred karl to dr bouboulis, who
			 was an experienced dr in untreated lyme disease.'
	'dr wolfmann was in vt and you were seeing him before or around the time you
	 met with me.'
			'he was basically karl's pcp while he was in spring lake ranch
			 until the last 6-7 months.'
			'then karl had a new pcp who completely missed the tumor on karl's face'
	dr bullock
	'who's you pcp now?'
		'i just got here to vt visiting my mom and don't have one.  she needs one too.'
	does dad want to add more about changes he's seen over past couple years?
			'yes.  karl's psychosis started around occupy wall st era, whatever
			 year that was.
		[2013 2014]
			'at the time we just noticed it because it was kind of a schizophrenic
			 behavior, strange people talking to karl.  it worsened over the
			 following months.  
		...
			'at any rate his mental condition was deteriorating, and i came to the
			 conclusion that when he had been diagnosed with lyme disease they
			 gave him a prescription which he only took for a couple weeks,
			 because ...'
			'at any rate at that point his mental condition deteriorated over
			 a period of two years ... he was worried the city of portland
			 was an entity that was trying to harm him ... he tried to 
			 leave portland ... he drove across country to northwest ....'
		[all before is aw you the first time]
			'during all this behavior he was suffering greatly.  he used words
			 like torture.  "i'm being tortured".  he had problems staying in
			 apartments, he was evicted for what was believed to be innapropriate
			 social activities, basically homeless people were living with him,
			 and i believe my recollection is while he was driving cross country
			 he would have several psychiatric breaks, where he would have to
			 stop the car, and go through some major bad experiences ....'
				[noting here that the times i stpoped my car i consider
				 different from the times i call psychotic breaks ...
				 but feeling-wise it kind sounds like i was learning
				 to have these psychotic breaks then, in kind of an
				 extended way ... unsure]
			'eventually i got a call from a dr in washington? oregon? one
			 of those states saying that karl was there, possible he was
			 going to be hospitalized, could ic ome out and talk to him'
				[just to add on my own memories, i was contacted by
				 somebody working for my father, repeatedly before
				 i visited the dr there, the dr did not mention
				 hospitalization to me, and my father did not mention
				 the dr as being the reason for traveling there at the
				 time.]
			'well there were many reasons for traveling: he was having car
			 problems ... sleeping on the street ...'
		[sleeping on street is misleading]
			'i got on a plane, was lucky enough to locate karl via texting and
			 so on, and from there he agreed to meet with the dr and me, and
			 at that time i reminded karl that we had purchased a small'
		'this is a lot of story i think she wanted how i am doing'
			'she doesn't know the story'
			'we had purchased a home for him to live in ... he agreed to come
			 back and see the home with me, which he did, on a plane.'
			'when we arrived there i think we spent 1-2 days there, and his
			 behavior was deteriorating, and he began to worry about various
			 political events he had attended, where the forces or energies
			 that were able to interpret what was going on in his brain,
			 would identify these people, and he was worried that he was
			 a source [an informant maybe] and he, my interpretation only,
			 that he would need ot erase his mind to protect his friends,
			 i interpreted that as suicidal behavior, i took him to the
			 emergency ward, they committed him to the hospital in maine'
				[my memory is that my mother and father took me to
				 the local counseling center, and i wrote on their
				 intake form, that i was unable to contribute to
				 the world anymore, and asked to be turned off]
				[i also expressed something else to my father ...]
				[and i also expressed being suicidal in some other way ...]
				[note that my sever memory issues started around 2014,
				 and this time my father is describing was around 2016]
			[not 2016 .. more like 2014]
			'my primary goal was to get karl's lyme disease treated, and that
			 happened after he was put into the state hospital.  they had
			 him tested and began treatment.'
		[father spearheaded lyme treatment]
			'we also applied for temporary guardianship for 6 months at that time'

		2016... was question
			'it's been progressively worse, starting with those instances.
			 yesterday he was talking with an attorney and the attorney asked him
		 	 'what would you say if asked why you can't work?'
			 the word that came out of his mouth was amnesia.'
amnesia? [is that what you said to lawyer?]
	amnesia is biggest complaint

'i'm certainly not a specialist in lyme disease.  i can offer you a spinal tap at some point
 to take a look at spinal fluids.  we may not see evidence of spirochetes or any kind of
 infection.  that doesn't mean you have one ....  cause damage ...
 any other abnormalities that could indicate infectious, inflammatory, autoimmune process,
 something like that.'
	'good to have that so easy; we should have talked with you about that years ago.'
'i'm going to refer you here for neuropsych testing since it's been a couple years.'
'and pet scan tomorrow....'

'my job as a neurologist is to look for biomarkers of disease.'
'i may have mentioned this to your mom or your dad or our secretary; i'm typically
 a geriatric neurologist, usually looking for strokes, alzhiemers, you are way too young
 for such a thing ... you've had different sorts of brain insult over the years.  you've
 told me about the things that have happende in the past ... different kinds of head
 injuries, nervous system, lyme disease ... if we don't find any biomarkers for disease,
 i'm not really sure where we would go from there.  mostly we're looking to rule in things
 or rule out things.  if we find things we can look into further, i can help triage you to
 appropriate specialists.  say we have concerns for something autoimmune, rheumatologic,
 [we can refer you] .. let's just get more data ...'
	... dementia .. things worsening when i use them ...
'some people with various brain insults can have memory issues, and it can affect
 adls, but it may not be dementia ... dementia is just a word that describes how
 somebody is doing on a spectrum.  if somebody has cognitive issues such that adls
 are difficult, they could meet criteria for dementia.  the question is what's
 causing it.  in older folks it's often alzhiemers, in younger people it could be
 brain injury, medications, psychiatric problems ...  some people call it pseudo-
 dementia when it's not due to alzhiemer's etc.'
	[regarding dementia, measure decline of functioning or brain mass?]
'neuropsych testing is a great way of looking at brain functioning ... looking at
 brain mris is another good way.  we don't do the same quantitative measures here
 like diffusion tensor imaging at this place compared to others, sometimes those
 are included ... but the best place is neuropsych testing; it's often not a
 significant difference and it can tease out if it's external factors.  it still
 is important to look for the other biomarkers to see if there's something you can
 potentially treat.  at dh it would be pretty hard to treat lyme disease without
 biomarkers.  so if you have people you're established with that's good.  it's kind
 of a disorder where neurologists are in-between things. ....'
'in summary, i'm going to refer you to neuropsych testing'
	where find diffusion trensor imaging, is it helpful for discovering progressive
	harm to the brain?
it doesn't direct management ... we can do dti here ...
you had dti last time you were here.  they basically say no growth abnormalities.
i don't think dti is necessarily going to be helpful for individuals.  usually
it's helpful for groups of people.
	brain scan for know brain isn't dying?  mass?
the only mri you have is .... volume loss ...
if you're going to have the lumbar puncture eventually ...
do you take any aspirin?
	no
'i don't think we need any more bloodwork ... pretty extensive ...'
...
'vitamin b12 levels?'
		mthfr
'that's controversial too .. mthfr ... people from genetics said that they shouldn't
 ever be tested for it, and there's no management that would be changed if somebody
 were heterozygous or homozygous deficiencies ...'
'if you're coming tomorrow for the pet scan, why don't you come to the lab and
 recheck b12, you've had your thyroid checked ...'
'repeat mri can be ordered in the future, not same day as pet scan'
'and i'll try to arrange for the spinal tap for you'
'somebody will call you about the neuropsych testing, but that's going to be quite a
 while'
		'should we pursue an alternative neuropsych source, like anna hutton?'
	what tests do we need to get?
'they should be pretty standard across the board .. they're testing for language,
 etc ...  i don't think our neuro... are great here.  the waitlist is potentially
 up to a year, a year and a half.'
	...	...
'we'l have somebody get in touhc with you to arrange the studies'
phone number
	207 518 8256
	508 333 9955

tomorrow:
	pet scan and labs, now, too
	remember fasting for pet scan (not needed for labs)

records:
	-> 2018 wv neuropsych 
	-> bouboulis neuropathy records
	-> emg record
	-> brain mris not from dh (after new brain mri scheduled)












































