i'd like to think about reasons.  i guess i'm partly done thinking about reasons now.  the summary is that reasons are time-reversal.  they are what
		flows into the past from an experience that includes the future.
		so if there's value on an event, the event-pattern is the reason for placing that value on its cause.
		this is why things are relevent: past-events where they are causes or precursors or indicators.

			update: even complex shit can be for simple reasons

	
	[btw system atm is expressing concern is not pro-mind-control.  what is supported is 1 dictator, rest of world mind-controlled.]

anyway, how handle reasons?

		maybe observe process, record experiences
		consider patterns in experiences

	so maybe say we have a bunch of functions that act on numbers?  in non-math ways.  just symbol-responses

			why?  why happen?
	every change is a track, an understandable thing.  every change.

		so, 'understanding' i.e. reasons might involve
			- conveying something that is the reason for the change
			- predicting the change before it occurs
			- being able to act to prevent or alter the change <- this one is interesting.

		say we are counting numbers.  at 15, we always get 16 next.  we don't want 16.  we can change the number to anything we want.
			how to prevent 16?  is so confusing.

		we would have to somehow propagate the dislike from 16, to 15.  because 16 always happens after 15.
		then when we see 15, we could change it!  and then we're safe.
			_propagate_ the _relevence_ maybe?  from the _result_ to the _preceding event_

				so if we have something-important associated with 16
				and we learn that 15 is a strong indicator of 16: that even has statistical causality <- reason for 16
				we would then associate something-important with 15 as well as 16
				and have the _reason_ for association be the strong indication information. <- nature/reason of/for relevence/association

	adding generalized-reasons to relevence may help a lot if relevence is used
			I hate the number one! it always makes 2 which always makes 3 which ... always makes SIXTEEEN.  AUGH.
			I love the number 17!  it never, ever, ever makes sixteen... it goes on forever ith so much safety!  and eventually it hits 20 which is WONDERFUL!
			One is kinda okay ... if you can get through the 16 eventually you hit 20!  it's better to start straight at 17 though.

		the above pattern was being ritualistically held in my brain.  coding it appears supported.  we don't have a lot of the struts in place
		but we could generalize it to not need them, like the other parts we've been coding a little.
