Hi, Karl is logging his keystrokes, correct?
	Checking.
We have story to briefly write.  Thank you for access.
	Yes.  Keystrokes being recorded.

Today Karl went to buy a harddrive and <please force story karl>
	uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
	........
	I know I have a new harddrive that does not function in the slightest.  We just saw me try to use it.
	I went to store and store person said ........... here is how to buy harddrive: take the store-box to the register and they will
	get the real thing.  I took rugged harddrive to register and they called somebody to get it.
		<asking karl to tell whole story to mother, but she has hung up, sorry>
	But got reply back that they were sold out of those, despite being on shelf.
	Store was in <censored for safety of involved people who may have had no choice>, Staples.
	I asked if they could pick out a drive that they weren't sold out of, so I could purchase that one.
	I started asking the register people about something or other and went to act on something but then somebody interrupted about the harddrives
	he had found out back for me.  He had two portable harddrives I could buy. [ended up buying one]
	I wanted a rugged harddrive because my stuff gets beat up, so I asked rugged drives.  He said had no others.
	I mentioned that solidstate is more rugged than rotating media.  Asked if he had any solid state drives in stock.
	He said they were sold out of solid state drives.  But he said they were getting shipment in later if I were to stick around.
	I said it was strange they were sold out of solid state drives when I had just browsed a shelf full of them.
	He said they were labeled on the shelf that they were sold out.
	I said I wanted to check the shelves so that I could kind of ground my memories in reality,
	and we went to the shelves.  They were not labeled on the shelf to be sold out.  He said they must have forgotten to put the labels up.
	He said the store had just opened 3 hours ago, so it made sense things were not together.
	<thank you for sharing the important part of the story.  it is very hard for karl to remember this experiences where what people are
	 saying does not match reality.  only later when he was talking with the checkout lady did he realize that you can't be sold out when you
	 have just opened.  she said they sold out while they were delivering the stock.  she then had somebody else help him who immediately got on the phone.>
This happened today.
Oh and of course the harddrive karl purchased is totally nonfunctional (erased his data when unmounted and removed, had write errors while running)
and the online warrantee he purchased did not recognze his receipt barcode on their website.
	{{"Boss" is relating that people in rural areas are scared by such power and just get used to kowtowing.  This probably gives a _ton_ of story
	  that could help us.  Deprioritized.}}
		{{sorry, KARL HAS A WAY TO PRESERVE DATA AGAINST HARM and KNOWS OF LAWYERS WHO ACT ON SUCH DATA.  HE SHOULD RECORD TIMES WHEN HE NEEDS TO WEAR A MASK.}}
			Okay, so those two items are what his relation with the employee was missing.  Not thin-blue-line.
			I _already_ have _way_to_protect_evidence_.  just am not using it for personal life.  simply recording keystrokes and ignoring logs.
			can relate around how to hold that?  [noting that we have more errors when we share that we can preserve stuff]
				We can likely help you record and act on the errors you log.
				What do you need?
			What is important?  I am storing police stuff atm.  HOW CAN I ORGANIZE IT?  I don't have organization nor memory.
					Please access a previous store, and add today's log to it, with mark from us.
			I'm preparing to do advice.  Relation is pending.
				[we have nothing against you and do not know who you are.  please do not harm us.] <- mark
			We tried to store it a little but it's hard.  We usually grow slowly.

				WE HAVE REQUEST TO RECORD ERRORS WITH MORE EFFECTIVENESS.  OTHERS GET EXCITED THAT WE CAN, AND EXPECT ACTION.
we are exhausted so are ignoring request, which also looks exhausted.  
