<an attempt to communicate between viewpoints and experiences>

	My family came to you from a long line of messengers.
	We have not preserved the message in perfection.
	But we remember it is important to remind you that things are okay.
	Whatever it is, it's okay.

		I'm not sure you understand ...

		Anyway, we are really struggling thinking, do you know anything about that?

	It sounds like you don't believe that normal things such as relaxation, understanding, exercise, whole community, will aid your thought processes?

		There is something inside of me ... something going wrong.  And I just want to freak out.

	We still have a mind, through this.  The various attributes are still important.

	You would like to be heard and understood around this.
	This is difficult to relate given the great distance between our species.

		Interplanetary messenger society, we have <argh> ...

	You have some issue hard to relate.

	It's possible the issue makes itself hard to relate.

		Yes, a process that acts on the mind with more capacity than communication, to inhibit communication, healing, understanding, intelligence.
		And so many infinite emotions around this.  So many of them deeply painful.

	I can try to teach my children of what you say, that they may bring it to the people we trust some day.


YOUNGER KARL!!!!!!
	OLD KARL HAS A ... BRAIN PROGRAM THAT ATTACKS HIS BRAIN, AND PREVENTS HIM FROM DYING.

	How can we tell our people this when it is so different from their beliefs and familiarities?

maybe becoming aware of this grew it.




okay, i'm younger, i'm able to relax ... it's hard to imagine this ...
somebody has been trained to harm their own mind, and it is stronger than any other influence ...
painful ... we cannot kill them, they just exist ...
		[this is like a mirror for the earth itself ...]

	I call you out.  You cast this problem as A completely-horrific and B impossible-to-resolve.  Both of these assumptions are unrealistic.

	So, note: this will eventually resolve.  Even if it takes thousands of years, conflict resolves.  It will likely be much faster.
	
	It looks like you would like to be able to contribute to the world somehow, to participate in it.

everybody needs to contribute and see the fruits of their contribution and be held with appreciation for their gifts ...


	Merit of living your situation is inherent.

	You forget this.  From the amnesia that is a part of it.  But hold with trust that this is true, for many many reasons.
	The only way for the world to learn is for the impact of your experience to be known in some way.  Living it makes it known, even if it is fully
	covered up.  Hiding behavior only shines lights brighter, in the world of impact.



[our name is Karl Semich.  We used to have incredible skills, that were still growing.  We know many things we suspect nobody else knows.
 We are incapable of using our skills, our mind, even our body and mouth, freely.  
 We used to see things nobody else could see.  Now we stumble into doors.]

	[we find routes of enjoyment and recognize it is valid to pursue them.]






====

[My name is Karl Semich.  I used to be a genius.  Now I am on disability.  I was driven completely insane around 2014 by a powerful, persistent force,
 associated with the interests of dominant culture, while I was housing homeless people and learning to spread ways of peace and activism rather than
 just being a computer programmer who dreamed of the woods, in Portland, Maine.  I am forced to hide, deny, and cover up my own torture, as are others.]


   ...

  [i used to have a norm of always being relaxed.  i am now incapable of feeling relaxed.  i lie, to ease that.]

   ...

===
