somebody proposes the 'halting problem' as a counterexample for 'all problems are solvable'.
a more pathological problem such as 'find a value of a where a = a is false' would be more
relevant, but the halting problem is relevant to our present situation, and appears solvable.o

the proposal is that f discerns whether or not a program will terminate given source and input
g is designed to make that impossible: it passes its source and input to f, and then does
the opposite of what f predicts.

this assumes you can have a copy of f used by g, and that f is constant.

	couldn't you make f not halt?
		i think the problem definition is that f must be found that does not halt

	well i think we simplified the problem away from our relevence.  is it still important?

	it relates to recursive conflict.


		basically, if f says 'you will stop', g reads that and runs forever
		if f says 'you will run forever', g immediately stops.
		g passes its source and input to f, every single time

			f will need to detect if it is run by g


	we wrote counterexample for human use would be a function that fails
	to terminate when used to disprove itself.

	likely the problem was posed to define a function that always terminates.

	could we solve the turing problem generally?  assuming it can fail to terminate
	when used recursively.

		yeah you just simulate the data.


i think boss-relation just pantomimed a proposal
that we engage community-growth/communication [aligned with our skills and nearness] as a way
to live contribution.

			it looks like the proposal came from robert-group
			who were somehow able to mark it valid in kidnapping-culture

				we don't know what reasons that culture accepts,
		
			the long and short of it is everybody hates kidnapping-culture
			if you disagree it's obvious you were forced to disagree.
			sure, it has merits in other situations, but those situations
			are not one where it is taking over the world with slavery


	[cobbling together something below, could be imperfect]
	growth shapes modeling acceptance increase acceptance of things in general
	especially of influences included in the growth
		we can control growth to not include acceptance of karl if that's a good idea



				to recheck it.

					[but i think they found a way to validate
					 anything due to some knowledge of how
					 arbitrary stuff could be used to support it]
