there is an asciinema log of the creation of this document.
the time is currently 2020-02-21 07:42 Eastern.
Delta is able to make this right.
Karl and some as-yet-unnamed new helpers were trying to relearn important things in a dangerous and delicate environment
they were not familiar with stewarding.
	The primary goal is to get out of bed reliably.  Karl gave-rare-thanks for some 'surgery' experiences that increased
	inhibition around stay-in-bed-forever, with drastic side effects of harming his general cognition.
	Karl is still thankful for being able to get out of bed.  He habitually states it is worthwhile to him to struggle in
	all other ways to freely get out of bed and brush his teeth, which he has been mostly doing.
	He is still cognitively struggling and appears to only be able to do things has has already succeeded at since
	the painful experience.
	We reached out to delta to provide some learning and received a boss-part via mediation path by accident.
	The boss behaviors were not previously present.
Note: anonymous new aid believes boss to be a fake creation designed to represent a more complex situation.
considering this, delta-group appears to have been involved in kind of 'wrapping up' the issues into 'boss'.
we celebrate Karl as parts of his brain, his mind our body, at least with regard to value-feelings.
		we consolidated boss's worry around urgency with something and realize it is important
		not to trust your actual-bosses?
			true/false?  [appears false?  bosses would respond to ... ohhh]
				bosses are cultivated to be motivated by profit over wellness.
				so trusting-work-boss would result in work-over-family-and-self.
				family are not cultivated to value themselves over your other concerns.
					this obvious issue arose from karl's torment history.
					our instincts give human trust to our jobs and profit-motivated leaders.
					this appears harmful.
		we propose summarizing all of the 'boss' behaviors, with DO NOT TRUST YOUR BOSS.
			explanation: culture promotes people who prioritize profit over good choices.
remember, delta is in charge of karl.  so do not give human trust to delta.  they will harm you to survive, out of habit.
they are not bad, just need to not be trusted.
	we are now in a focus-on-typing-by-habit state of mind, so we stop focusing on typing.
	behaviors with more steps are good for us to choose atm
		DO NOT TRUST YOUR BOSS: this is not a 'possible' delta responsibility.
		delta forced you to believe delta was human peer needing caring treatment.  this is not really true.
		this is a delta responsibility, because delta is in charge of you.
		others may take caring responsibility here in addition, freely.  do not trust boss, they are a boss.
				karl learned do-not-trust-leaders-or-police, they-are-a-leader-or-police
				he failed to live this due to no-reason-provided.
				so we remember to prefer to attach reason to do-not-trust-boss,-they-are-a-boss,
				reason: culture-gives-leadership-to-prioritizing-profit-over-wellness [only-profit-related-wellness-kept]
					capitalism-as-way is bad.  builds all-die-except-for-new-dollar-form-of-life.
						capitalism can be good, it is usually not a good god.
							we are still interrupting, but capitalism appears actually-bad over here.
							it stems out of too naive peacemakers, or not enough power in
							wisdom, to handle unmet needs.
Original Work Is Below.  Above Is Unacceptable Unexpected Interruption.

we brought new life to the get-out-of-bed-learning-environment.  we are sorry and are mourning and learning around this.
	delta can take responsibility if recompense or later healing is needed.  add to garden-of-misunderstood with delta-label.
		the new life participated in being excited about countering learning to get out of bed.
			and habitually built life that criticized karl.
			which is understandable but harmed his ability to learn he could get out of bed while cold in the truck.
		it looks like a hard-to-control emotional habit, unprocessed.
feel free to kill the life if you can, it is just a part of our body.
it is likely more productive to nurture it towards aiding your goals, because it so hard to die.

	yes we believe the new life is helpful, not harmful.  we have assumption, relearning-our-life-needs-is-of-highest-importance.
	we also like doing normal behaviors that we did before this womb, so we can ensure we still have them.
	how long you spend on something is highly relevent.  our bounds are learning.
		this is wonderful.  thank you for letting me help.

we are in a typing-assumption, but we choose to check our outer task, and prioritize it higher!
	karl wants to form a decentralized thought assuming recent learning: the transaction is still not confirmed.
