Hi Other Arkitech,

You're aware that people on the this list often discuss ways that harm, oppression, and even genocide, stem from powerful organizations such as governments or
states.  Although there are many reasons for harm, here the focus is on how to handle it stemming from large organizations that assert power.

I live in the US, myself, a government-run political boundary.  So seeing the acronym on this list seems surprising.

As such it could be harder to hold your work with compassion when it is labeled 'US', the name of a large government, which as a government would
be seen as a cause of oppression and genocide here.










the wild blockchain likely wins a blockchain competition eventually.
it could be really fast.
the wild blockchain hosts its own source, and uses the latest code.

we could take bitcoin or something, and set up a compilation environment
to mine a block you publicize the tip you support.  clients must have a compiler and rebuild every time the block changes.
all decisions are down to the community.  history-kept resolved.  anonymity-resolved.  taxation-resolved.

still requires free coders able to do stuff though.
	cryptoanarchist blockchain.  possibly hosts its own source, uses latest copy.
		so when you keep history, the people who try out murder end up sticking around for a while
			[trying to map to blockchain space or soemthing relevant]
		like if someone makes a blockchain that steals from the other blockchains
		[hmmmmmmmmmmmmm]
			[that sounds important.  we might make one that keeps the history of all the others in it.]



Does US - Public System provide for people to try out different ways to be inside its network, to see if they work better than the initial one?

Most of the systems in the US, both business and public, do not provide very empowering channels to learn from people for whom they do not work.

For example, if somebody had a logically-proven argument that included everyone's viewpoints, to change the very fundamentals of how things work,
there is no channel in the formal systems of US - Public System to act on that argument, is there?
