An error similar to the last one is being thrown in parser.
It was hard for me to open this troubleshooting file.  I couldn't
remember the date, and when I tried to use the touchpad, which I rarely
do, to check on the date widget, there was water on it preventing it from
functioning.  The computer can handle water to some degree, but the touchpad
needs recalibration when humidity changes.  There is a hotkey for recalibrating,
which I did not use.  My relevence to it was reduced because there was so much
water it didn't seem helpful, but if I had used it I would havbe had to redry
the touchpad less.  Additionally there are keyboard ways to check the date, such
as the 'date' command.  I am also running into freezes during compilation tasks
due to disk i/o.  I'm not sure why the kernel doesn't manage the i/o buffer better.
A quick solution might be to move vim's backup location to /tmp or /run or even
the local flash.  The disk is an SD card and I could get a faster one.
06:36 re-inspecting error
06:37 is out-of-notepad access vioation.  is because a 'link' word is being
interpreted as for parsing inside a habit, likely.
06:37 I am having significant delay writing files to disk.  Saving this file
after entering a line produces a pause.  I guess it is because compilation
task was still syncing.
06:39 distracted with experiences ... working to continue
06:41 i found the likely error by inspection: on line 44 of randomcode.bootstrap,
'link' is used as a habit.  I also made it into a parser keyword.
Linking is pretty important.
	We have two meanings of link.  link-when-parsing, and link-when-run.
	We could quote the word somehow to indicate which one.
		The 'link' parsing habit is shadowing the 'link' global habit,
		which is more important.
		They do the exact same thing.  The parsing habit takes a parsing
		context instead of a concept to link directly.
	There are 2 habits that take a parsing context.  It could be reasonable
	to change them to auto-convert the parsing context.  This would still
	leave the error, though, as the system can't tell whether the user wants
	the linking to happen at load-time or run-time.
		We could eradicate the 'link' parsetime indication and just call
		it 'concept'.  This seems to be okay.
		The difference is 'concept' is supposed to make a new concept,
		but since we have a file-specific notepad, the only things we
		can link are our own concepts.  explanation got confusing,
		but I'll change 'link' to merge behavior with 'concept' to fix
		this.
06:45 implementing fix
2 places: randomcode.bootstrap needs link changed to concept
and bootstrap-parser.cpp needs link-named-behavior merged with concept-named-behavior, and link-parser-keyword removed
3 -> I'll also do the context-updating inide of concept-parser so parser keywords
not triggered for name of concept.  this seems intuitive.
06:50 distracted by 'examine goal', rebuilding
06:51 believe i have implemented fix, compiling
06:54 failed to remove link-parser-keyword, revealed by test.  fixing.
07:06 I got distracted handling i/o delay by altering the makefile.  Seemed to be
working ...
07:09 distracted change added bug of linking cpp file into binary extra time.
fixing.  note: it's 7:09 and a bird is singing nearby.  i can see the ground outside
my tent.  it's winter, so the sun rises late.  it's seemed pitch black earlier;
of course my laptop backlight is on.  i haven't hacked the software to reduce the
brightness to good levels at night.
07:19 uhhh continuing
08:41 so, the battery on the computer died, and I did some morning stuff.  I'm
now at a campground picnic table, having hiked my 12v backup battery here.
The backup is at around 11.5 volts.  I have solar panels up giving about 0.06A;
the sun hasn't risen over the trees yet.  My computer is drawing over 1.6A.
08:49 seem to have gotten makefile change to work.  what was I doing ?? heh
looks like I'm just running level3 to see if it makes and old error or a new one.
08:54 while compiling I reviewed this document, which was quite helpful in
re-understanding some of the error =)
08:54 the error has changed to no_such_link_type, so I think this one is resolved
now!
