"What's the surprise out here in the graveyard?"
	"Here.  This guy feels more comfortable talking in the graveyard."
		"You guys are here to listen to me?"
"Yeah!  We love listening to people."

They just stood and waited for him to respond.

She could tell he wasn't expecting that.  So of course everybody knew to let him process.

		"That's so confusing.  I like the graveyard because it's where things we ignore go.  Things that wither away and disappear."

	"Your words, want to wither away and disappear, like a corpse?"

		"It's nicer if it feels like they do."

Everybody waited again.

"We're here because we care about you.  You look a little sad, so we want to make sure, that whatever is going on, is given
all the value there is, all the value that exists in the world.  We care about you so much.  You look safer here?"

		He looked at the guy, trying to understand the care.  Something was exchanged in their eye contact.

"You've been through something rough, maybe?"

Caring silence.

Somebody else walked up.  Stood near him, a little off to the side.

		He looked at the new guy with recognition.

		"When you hit me, I lost my memory.  I think you hit me a lot."

The newcomer stepped forward a little, and looked back.
			"I was hit that way too."

"It sounds like you've never spoken of this before?"

Both of them get a little confused.  Make some jerking motions, but in pretty different ways.
One moves to speak, then stops, as if they hadn't intended to.

			"He doesn't remember how much ...  I must not either ..."

	"This is a special moment, when you share something for the first time, in a way that is real."

		"Special?"

"You guys have been through so much, huh."

			"We've been through enough to kill you where you stand, hearing of it."

"We like death in our society, did you know that?"

	She noticed the newer person was confused, trying to understand.

	"It helps us learn about how to care for people, to experience it.  It's usually caused by harm."

"Would you like it if we were to take steps to protect ourselves?  Would it be okay if we tried to protect you, too?"

			"I'm ... having trouble thinking.  And my ... it makes him have trouble too."

They could tell they both were having trouble thinking, and that the one was causing the other.

"This is a nice graveyard.  I buried my brother here when we killed him, after he had shared with everyone why it was his time."

			"I ... we kill people for whom it is not their time.  I guess you didn't expect me to come here."

	"No, the circle was for your friend, but you are welcome here if he is okay with it."

			"He's not okay with it.  I tortured him for years.  I'll try to leave."

The older man froze, his eyes having an eeriness about them.

He jerked about a little.

"Hey, don't worry, we can tell your friend is used to it."

		"That's how we got here, the jerking."
	
	"That sounds so sad.  It is so wonderful to learn your story.  It is so sad."

"Will more come?"

The older man relaxed, still looking as if to leave.

	"Karl, it looks like you'd like to be told or asked what to do, directly.  Would you like the man to leave?"

		"I don't remember."

"Sir, would you like help leaving?"

He and Karl both nodded, simultaneously, both confused in a different way.

Robin took the initiative, figuring he could help, and guided the older man away.  As soon as they touched, the man started
moving, thanking for the aid.

They noticed Karl was still tense.

	"Karl, sometimes we all sleep out here, for a couple days.  Maybe this is one of those days."

		"I think he's really confused.  The guy you helped leave.  I think he wants to not be confused, like
		 there is some way to not be."

Half the group left, and walked towards where the other man went.  Nobody said a word.

		"Why ... did people leave?"

	"It was obvious there was an opportunity to give care."

"Even if you might be wrong, which is unlikely, it is care for you to honor what you say."

		"Does someone force you to care for people ...?"

There was a slightly uncomfortable pause.
Nobody was forcing them to do what they desired so strongly to do, for so long.
They had been kept isolated from harm, by the ocean.

But it was obvious that forcing was pretty important.

"Would you really think that?" a fifth person raised.

Karl paused himself, now.

		"I can't think what I choose to think."

"Somebody forced your thoughts to change," observed Robin, as he had come back a bit ago.

		"I ... you would never believe that.  You're humoring me."

	"I feel a little hurt that you suggest that, is it okay to share this with you?"
"She's hurt because she can tell that I am.  It's obvious you guys control each other."

Karl started looking like he was re-experiencing a severe trauma.  I'm not sure that anybody was watching, though.

	"Oh my god.  Remember they hit him, when he talked about it."
"Oh my god.  I forgot."

The other group came back, with the older man.
				"He said it was okay if we came along."

"Welcome back, friend."
			
The older man sat a little.  He didn't seem to notice what was around him, but seemed to have a plan.
He twitched, sporadically.

			"It is hard to say this, but it is what is most important to me.  I understand that you want to hear that."
Some nodded.

Robin noticed Karl relax a little, at the nodding.

The man twitched again, in a new way, then held still.

			"I actually don't want to be here.  I am trying to harm your work, and I don't want to."

	"Is that what is most important to you?"

No answer.  Tense muscles.

			"We have to go now."

He starts walking off, talking to Karl as if Karl is walking next to him.
A few watch, and remove themselves from the circle in case the older man seems to want company.  They quickly stop watching,
but keep themselves available.

"Karl, as we said, we like to camp out here, and it was scheduled for today."
	"Scheduled?"
"It's something Karl says for everyone having agreed."

		"I'm a little hungry."
"You're having trouble getting to the food?"

		"..."

		"Yeah ... for a few days now, actually ..."
		"I've been eating things near me, that I don't want to eat, a lot ..."

	"Sometimes Karl has said he'd like it if I would physically move him towards things.  He seems to respond pretty quickly,
	 but a small bit of him seems a little scared about it."

Robin smiles.

"Karl, I was a bird in my past life.  That's why they call me Robin.  That small part of you, that is unsure, it's like my song,
 that you listen to."

		"It's an alarm.  A small warning for something in the distance."

"But we are happy when we alarm.  We aren't stressed like you think we are."

"It's just a way of talking about where it's possible to care for things."

Karl starts crying, a strange forceful cry.

"Hey, he doesn't want to cry."
	"Oh."

Karl stops crying.

	"Why did he stop?" she asked, surprised.

Karl was thinking about what Robin said, and it was so interesting, we were just focused on him, really.  But we were trying to
make it the woman's story, because Karl said women needed more respect.

Karl noticed them smiling with care, after a bit.

"You're worried about the guy who left, aren't you."

		"You're right that my thoughts were with him, or with how he behaves.  I would usually be very worried."

Everyone was silent.  They held in their hearts deep, firm care, not only for Karl, but everything that had harmed him.
They imagined what it might be like for Karl.  What it might have been like in the past.  They compared what they imagined
to how he was holding himself now.

What was most important, was their shared desired to nurture his wellness.

	"I'm not sure we really understand what this is like for you.  Are we listening well enough?"

		"Oh, you're probably doing fine.  I'm having a bout of psychotic flashbacks and can't really come up with anything
		 relevent to say.  It might be relaxing if you were to ask me a question, or make a guess about something."

Karl looked pretty uncomfortable, even like he might be lying.  The way he held himself was alien, too.

"Did you say someone enslaved you?"

		"Kidnapped?  Did I say we kidnapped people?  You know I didn't kidnap people."

"I meant more, forced you to think, feel, and do things, that you were not expecting to do, by hitting you."

Karl froze, about to look thankfully at the group.

	"He wants to talk about it, even though it hurts so incredibly much, but there's a certain finesse to it."
	"Maybe he adapted to it by deciding it was nice, in some ways?"

Karl started to go limp.  Someone ran to make sure to be there if he fell.  Everyone froze.

An hour later, people had shifted a little, but still nobody had spoken.  Some were sitting.  Nobody moved visibly.
They could tell that every sensory change was triggering Karl.

"Across the ocean, you find it hard to stand still that long, I guess," Robin smiled.

Karl was sitting now too, you see.  He had finally relaxed.

<we're out of relevence for the desired pattern.  we could try a new roleplay.>
