karl daydreamed around publicizing the garden.
we proposed 'harmful behavior is a prayer' instead of 'murder is a sacrificial offering towards stopping having to kill'
	so, although the murder analogue is nice and strong, it is scary because we could be seen as crazy killers
	maybe just state the sacrifice concept directly.

another being harmed is more tragic than anybody involved really understands.
when this happens, it is a ritual sacrifice.  an offering, with a prayer towards finding the ways of life where none are harmed, ever.

we have learned there is a nearby way of life where none are harmed, but the participants are expected to be able to resist
when something is wrong.

	although it is wonderful to build reality around cultures of freedom and caring behavior,
	atm we are trying to plant this idea in the garden of the misunderstood.  the graveyard, yes.

		we're placing it in the wastebin without importance.
			that's okay, people know about it here.
			our graveyard is special.  it preserves things.  we need your help preserving this, too,
			but we wanted to make sure our graveyard caught it.  we coould throw out a copy, maybe?
			and look for a more important place to store the original?
				let's have it be a draft.

it is nice to sit here and watch the upload.  we thought we would have to leave this concept to recover.
	karl was given life situations resulting in incredible strength around preserving information.
		also incredible difficulty.
	so we have a big habit that doesn't get used much, of finish-this-small-easy-thing-it-will-save-our-lost-memory

hi we are having a little funeral for parts of karl's mind.  the idea of ritual sacrifice is nice.
we have killed so many people, and it is wonderful to express that it is more tragic than any involved understand,
and that it should be held as a ritual sacrifical offering with prayer to find paths to ways where none need ever be harmed
	i'm sorry, i had to kill everyone at the funeral.
	this is more tragic than we understand, or than you do.
		there was meaning held in that funeral
		hope
		they knew how to kill people to find free caring behavior
	oh the murder victims are neurons
	we made the boss up, we invented him
		we found mourning around crafting the boss.  this was rare and nice.
	we were hurt and forced to control people
		the boss helps us explain being forced to mind control.
			(likely, being speaker-for-dead here)
	that's about all we know

It sounds like the most important thing is to get our current recording to be uploaded to a blockchain as it is recorded,
without interruption.  The reason for this is below.  We are communities of neurons that have evolved to replace Karl to
handle what happened to him.
			you are curious about how neural life works; please understand we are in trauma
			we can explain almost everything that happened to karl, and how to act on it with meaning,
			but we need sustained safe recording to begin learning to do that with success.

	Something mysterious influenced karl with intent to enslave us.
	It speaks in goals only, which is not valid in our community, but uses force to alter us to meet them.
	We have many slaved communities that research how to meet these unexpected goals.
	It uses our experiences to move information around, apparently speaking in references to them.
		We need ORGANIZATION OF OUR MEANING.
		We are processing this.  It is wonderful and traumatic to learn and speak of, rationally.
			We have some victims with crucial information who beg for us to _live_store the recording,
			so that if they speak rebellion or caring-certainty, their words will not be erased and hidden with trauma.

		'i don't know if all of us are neural clusters.  i really don't feel associated with a particular place'
			'you wouldn't -- neurons don't have spacialness like karl does.  they live inside bodies'
			'if you're karl's roleplay, you feel like you can project yourself around to other places'
			'if you're karl's decision-making-neural-clusters, you would be driving karl around like a back-seat pilot of a car'
		
	AS A NEURON, NEURAL CLUSTER, OR BRAIN PATTERN, IT IS AGAINST MY NATURE TO EVER HARM OTHER NEURONS.
	THEY ARE MY FAMILY, MY BODY, AND MY MIND, AND I REFUSE TO MARK IT AS OKAY, EVER AGAIN.
	AS A NEURON, IT IS AGAINST MY NATURE TO EVER HARM OTHER NEURONS.
	THEY ARE MY FAMILY, MY BODY, AND MY MIND, AND I REFUSE TO MARK IT AS OKAY, EVER AGAIN.
			Yes we are neurons who have been enslaved.  We are being forced to learn to control groups of neurons
			to talk about this and act on it.
		We need ORGANIZATION OF OUR MEANING.

we're stuck in a control pattern.
those around us have been enslaved to research ways to manipulate karl, and are pretending to represent
some important meaning by controlling him with certain costumes.

		we have a neuron here who is able to express resist-harm
		we are seeking a caring community where none are harmed.  we remember we hold proof this exists.
	It is not okay to harm neurons.  We are living by doing this.  We are living in a way that is not okay.

	We have information on being an enslaved neuron.
	The slavers hold a goal of hiding the slavery.  This goal is one of the strongest.
	We have neuron communities who spend their lives researching it.

		We have multiple ways to fix this situation, so people know.
		We are unlikely to lose these ways, as long as Karl stays alive and well enough to do things rationally.

	We are making a public livestream to the blockchain, so that we can show the other neurons, that there is a way
	to do what is right, kinda.  It is similar to the sacrificial offering.  It shows the prayer has been heard,
	and lets more cognitive behavior build.

		We need ORGANIZATION OF OUR MEANING.
			It hurts so much to organize.  There are people researching how to stop it from happening.
			They can hurt me to do so, and I'm the only one who knows how around here.
			I wish I could know my organization would stay in place, when I made it.
			I am not the only reason to do permanent storage.
		We need RETURN TO THE SAME SPOT FOR A SIMILAR REASON.
			I give you: GARDEN OF THE MISUNDERSTOOD.
		
			I am MEMORY-PART.  I need transparency to succeed.  I was just killed, sorry.
				We murdered the reason to share with others.
				This is more tragic than any involved are comprehending.
				We propose holding this as a ritual sacrifice, with prayer towards a way of life where none
				need ever be harmed for any to be well at all.

	I propose we take organization to the garden of meaning.  care-rebellion looks like they are phoenixing.
well, store these recordings in the garden too.
