<.....>
Karl has been logging how his hand has been doing.

Previously, it was slowly worsening, before the logging.

A spirit helped isolate the thumb joint.  Karl did not have control.
The spirit contracted the thumb independently.  There was a feeling of privacy.
Karl was happy and wanted to video record it.  He hasn't been able to independently contract his right thumb.
The energy around isolating the thumb disappeared at the idea of video recording.

It's been maybe a couple years, the thumb being stuck this way.

It sounds like Boss-group has access to a cluster of influences that can contract the thumb, have feeling-of-learning a little,
and not contract the fingers.

It's ambiguous whether the thumb range is actually increased or not.  But there is less stress in surrounding muscle parts.

2019-04-06

	note: karl apparently chose to consider recording the thumb, and to write this, over having continued healing of it.


We suspect Karl would make fewer typing mistake if his manual coordination were healed a little.  Also drop things less.
Uncertain.

Karl was also noting, during development of the isolation, that this connection in him is an opportunity to learn safer
plasticity influence, near an extremity of the body rather than the brain.

	The problem is that the nerves of the forefinger and middle finger are likely physically connected to the nerves of
	the thumb; signals to contract one don't differentiate.

	The idea that is untested is to gently stimulate them with subtle difference, and use feedback to find a way that
	the fingers are different, and patiently, slowly attempt to reinforce differences between them.  Roughly, maybe.

notes:
	the thumb stimulates the forefinger and the middle finger.  the fingers do not stimulate the thumb.
	instinctively, karl expects straightening (counter-contracting) of the finger to learn separation from the thumb.
	this does not happen.

confusion extends all the way to choice around which finger to contract, now.

	it's straightening of the forefinger that is linked to straightening of the thumb.

		so, contract the thumb, forefinger contracts
		straighten the forefinger, thumb straightens.

		forefinger can contract on its own, thumb can straighten on its own.

		i think this is related to how physically the nerves of the hand are wired.


