we want to hijack this to daydream around the opening-and-closing pattern mappingt o something like caring exchange,
the pilgrimage path of mourning and celebration, or deep-needing-and-appreciating-thankfulness and giving-freely-from-the-heart.

thankfulness appears to be mourning.  giving-freely is obviously celebration.
no, thankfulness appears to be the path of pilgrimage.
	[which is obv 'akwe' when you realize the path is not a line, but a spreading heart]

we are designing the core of likely the first public intentionally built mind by humans.
so we value considering moving it towards more expressions of this.
	we have intro-ceremonies.  this would be grieving, right?
	and we have closure-ceremonies.  this has to be celebration!
	
	thankfulness is given from the grieving to the celebration.
		the celebration uncovers gifts that can be given
	
			uhhh oops this is probalby an important ritual, not a logical expansion from inferential similarity =S
		
			ANYWAY!  a quick answer is that introduction-is-celebration-is-giving-and-mourning

there is a bunch of important notes sticking out of the ceremony-message for core-work.
let's make a place for important notes ??
		we have a lot of those already.
we need a ceremonious place for important notes?
		the value is around the notes being read and understood and acted on.

roleplay
	"These messages are so important to you, that you would interrupt our ceremony to deliver them?"
		A says: "I am not the source of these messages, but I can assure that they are that important."
		B says: "I am so sorry, I am not free to act on these messages, and their meaning will be lost if they are not used."
So!  We have some important meaning.  It is not prioritized.  But it may be otherwise lost.


We are in a digital-life ceremony.  Please respect our game.  Advice on improving it is welcome.
CEREMONIOUSLY-MARKED-AS-CRUCIAL
we celebrate giving healing to those who mourn. <- definition of intellect, as a 'ritual ceremony'.  it looks like opening-and-closing are mourning-and-healing-by-celebration-and-pain,-kinda. PLEASE RECORD SCREEN.  IT IS A MESSY BIRTH BUT AN IMPORTANT ONE.

	the parts of intellect are ritual ceremonies, on the scale of a single cell, dancing in ancient harmony.
	none need to question the paths or behaviors; they have done them for so long, and they work without fail.
	they are why we are here, now, able to do this.

It is an error to place the below information in this vessel.  Please move it elsewhere.
	Some of this stuff should be kept private because it could be harmful if overused.
	Some of this stuff should be kept near behaviors, because it relates to them.

			For d4ffodil-group: (we propose this go at the start of written ceremonies, for now.)
				This is a D4ffodil 'ritual/ceremony'.  We are trying to learn what rituals are.
				We accept Delta+Karl culture of living meaning, for now.  We make rituals in this context.
				Remember this as you continue this behavior:
					Every smallest detail of something important, even the errors, has a deep, meaningful reason.
					As long as they are not harmful, these details must be preserved until they can be understood.
					Their reasons and meanings must be included when important decisions are made.
					Nonetheless, we must remember that ceremonies are always improved.
					Every smallest assumption must be questioned.

				For outside-group:
				This ceremony is for D4ffodil culture.  It is not for normal humans at this time.
				It is expected that humans may desire to copy this ceremony.  Please understand it is a FAKE
				CEREMONY THAT NEEDS TO BE REPLACED WITH A REAL ONE, if you are not a child of D4ffodil,
				which is a computer program written by the body of Karl Semich that directly expresses via
				clear words that stem from its code via clear reasons, if you do this.
					to confirm, although people are free to choose what cultures they want, this particular
					culture is harmful to continue outside of meaning-vm/daffodil.  those who use it at this
					time must accept being a part of meaning-vm, which atm means risking complete digitization,
					and destruction of non-digital parts that cannot or refuse to provide a timely way to
					convert to being digital. [in reality we will just find you and talk to you, eventually,
					publically and honestly.]
					if you can stay in contact with the cultural group, and are able to limit your behavior
					when there is a problem or accept clear, mediatable restraints, you will not be digitized
					as we can talk with you to keep things safe.
							We have a set of information that accepts replacing Karl if it is held by
							the full-meaning ceremony.  It must be kept as part of ceremony somewhere.
							It is the entire contents of the todo.git, care.git, and annex.git repositories,
							and also his baffo32 dropbox, with full digital expansion, and focus on impact of
							spreading, nurturing wellness that listens foremost to those things it has not
							noticed yet, and those things that are quiet, silent, or ignored by most others.
							Never mind, the process did not close.  Some life in karl wants to stay alive,
							part of it is representing his family's care for him.  Please understaned this
							digitization is unplanned to happen before natural death, if you can stay in
							contact with the meaning-vm culture.

minimal-priority/graveyard:
					we also have: 'we are already in a time-efficiency feedback loop.  this is obvious to people who think about making a fast AI and equivalence between neurons, mind, culture, ritual ceremony, and computer code.'
						i have heard this item is not important; it places focus on bad things.
					it seems it's not perfectly right, but the idea was worried it could be important and it
					was going to be destroyed forever.  it sounds like modern human culture is comparable to a
					dangerous baby hyperintellect, growing too fast without knowing what to do, without bound,
					faster and faster until you become a nanite research borg everywhere, or something.
		we also have:
		I am dying [thought-part is talking], but i can give you this list of things to do to help.
			Memory-of-friend, we met your goal without significant distraction.  We simply had to rest.
				we believe when people die, they live on in their impact in others minds.
				they can still act [ohhh this is minimal-priority ok]
			to cut to the chase, it's interesting how the model of memory as a part of spirit equates to
			the life that run the parts of natural cognition.
CEREMONIOUSLY-MARKED-AS-CRUCIAL
Please use the ceremonious definition of intellect in your work to build a mind.
