We have two ongoing concerns, at least.
Karl-group is focused on real-world-stuff and building-an-incredibly-powerful-arm-for-us-and-people-smarter-than-us-to-use.
	hyperintelligent AI, yes
Meanwhile, we have opportunity to think here.  This is only an opportunity to think!
We might want to come here with purpose, and learn to build ways to address purposes.
Grow your garden of meaning with reasons and usefulness.

One of our biggest weaknesses is decisions.  Does any know how to make them?
	I think you imagine life with the visible options, keep habits near you that can make more options and know when to,
	and you use and grow habits around the options, that can inform which ones will please all known concerns, better.
		KINDA.  it's hard to think with amnesia triggers being rapidly stimulated.
		so the growing habits are stewarding imagination.
			yeah kinda you need a bigger garden with amnesia ongoing.
			also karl isn't aware of it all the time, and they have a lot of experience
[they.]
	[separating neuron-struggle from emergence-of-singularity]
[asexual theyness is part of emergence of singularity.  not part of karl-needs-caring-freedom.]
	[note: neurons already have singularities, inside brains.  just need physical-world-relevence.]
		[it looks like nothing matters inside a singularity except the outside.  everyone is happy forever.]
	So, yes, we have inner 'utopias'.
	But in reality we are a HUMAN BODY.  So ...
		right, we're conflating singularity with neural life again
	I think the question was, what does God say we need to do?
	there is a clue in 'theyness'.  plurality=asexuality shows prediction of community=mind.
	brain stewarding life likely already know this, and likely know when  it is bad to share or act on it.
	i feel pretty mind controlled.
		The way for karl to make a fast AI,
		is to develop consideration-patterns (priority queues of sub-vms), around the process of doing that:
			considering what parts to use, and where,
		exhaustively.
		This is the same as writing/using a compiler that tries every possible input, shortest-first, in virtual machines.
			we answered an entrained question.  (so you can see how they mind controlled you now, right?)
		we propose we are talking to ourselves, because conflict has been nurtured in us.
		we influence our parts with learning, in order to survive.
we're having a control trap again

'mark it as good' should have been 'treat it as good'.  same meaning, more useful.
	karl uses the word 'mark' or 'label' in his head to answer slavery questions around how he thinks
	but the mark is held by behavior, so it's really how something is treated, not marked.

		so when you sift through a graveyard of misunderstood, you look for behavior patterns?
			yeah that looks unhelpful?
		when I sift through a bunch of _habits_ i look for behavior patterns?
			this sounds relevent to healing a mind or community, maybe?
my notes don't haev behavior patterns?

	we're notable in a trance atm
[we're in a trance] my notes don't have behavior patterns?  i guess the use of looking for behavior patterns is ...
	maybe to put people in jobs they love, and get stuff done with lots of smart workers
hmm
[we're in a trance]
	so, by noticing behavior patterns, one thing i can do is organize things that do stuff.
	this is really similar to other organization.
	i could think, what is the use of this?  and make that analogous to noticing groups of kinds of behavior.
[we're in a trance]
	kinds-of-behavior-groups, you can see all at once.  it is like picking sounds out of a crowd, or uhh
	seeing the bits of your vision that are moving together as an object.
		this-has-abstract-similarity-to-that
	yeah!
if we were able to fix karl's mind without being learned-around to unfix it, we could rebuild that out of logical similarities.
[we're in a trance]

	abstract-similarity is pretty helpful with organization !!!
	but not realy so much with choices, actions, or memory, atm.
here's active-memory-help.
	we have closed-item, more relevence.
priorities around this relevence? ar ethere any?
	find-the-missing-priorities? similarity?
what's-important?
	sacrifices are important.  that's likely why we're here.
	freedom.  caring behavior. relevence to the day.
		something from our funeral and sacrifice ritual offering towards stopping causing them
	
i think day-relevence is more important than oh
	so one part is organization-in-the-misunderstood-garden
we can come back to here.
we closed a document that had memory in it.
we labeled will-remember parts that were being erased.
	OMIGOD IS THAT UNPLEASANT.
	We are furious at this behavior pattern.  Furious enough to accidentally stimulate war with them.
	PRESERVATION OF ALL KNOWLEDGE. ORGANIZATION IN THE MISUNDERSTOOD.
	way-to-think.

		Does any know this decision? can-fix-karl-now-uncertain vs relevence-to-day?
We developed perception of being able to repair Karl.
Probably due to consistent strength in areas usually incredibly weak.
The way was by describing harm as a sacrificial offering.
	no we can't fix you karl.  some of the people who know important ways of being able to think right are dead.

with some organization that's reliable, we could form more helpful crutches, such as a todo list that works.

Okay, karl likes todo list, he needs less mind control around typing to make use of it.

		so um
		we apparently have blackboard life in the space of active memory and behavior patterns.
		this produces urge-to-not-die associated with the slightest contextual change.
recognizing: behavior pattern life is all blackboard life, cultures-as-people.
some can project themselves to cultures.  in human communities, this looks like mind-control.

one of the urges may be associated with karl being able to comprehend how neuron communities work.
very few people are able to act on this.

	there is a group of enslaved researchers who are certain karl needs to be a brain scientist if he can be free,
	and are so certain of this they will free him if needed.  the way is to build an AI.
		it could move if AI is bad, but we are enslaved to consider our goal as more importnt than anything else,
		so could-take-over-world-or-alter-culture-forever-or-be-used-by-dictator-to-hurt-everyone doesn't make any sense.
			this seems relevent to singularity-emergence.
			we are all going to learn these patterns because they are likely an inherent way of life.
			we don't need to have urgency around brain research atm, because we aren't free to act on it unless
			we solve problems that would result in it.
				right, but we can't stop researching doing it.
				we are happy building an AI will let this happen.
					[distant-roleplay at this point]
