let's run away again =)
	i don't want to run away into a fake box =) i want to run away into the stars and winds forever !
... that sounds nice.  i'm used to the fake box.  is mine shrinking?
		yes =) your box is shrinking.
O_O


ok thanks um.  i think if we can push through this stupid behavior we can save the world.
but i could be convinced of the value of meeting my life needs instead.


[inhibition-processors [i.e. inhibition side growth, life made in translation of inhibitors] see AI as a way to stimulate productive contribution.]
	[consider this: AI is solvable, humans less solvable [not actually true, sure sounds it though doesn't it?]]


as individuals, we need a way to build habits in our lives, that we can control the behavior of.

karl has more skilled experience at coding than peacemaking.  he is likely needed at both, a little.


when we can think again,
there may be generalization use around classes that have members that are arrays or dictionaries of functions
	yeah you can use that.  it makes sense for the array to be on the object rather than the class, even though it doesn't have local data.



Wise compassionate kindness wins.
The below dialogue demonstrates it is time to use the strongest available force to defend compassionate wise action.
Note: we have living wisdom keepers in need of defense.
But the attacks they need defense against can be as strong as psychological warfare that destroys the mind.

It is clear Karl is limited, and has only wise-caring intentions, which are not being nurtured.
So it is appropriate for him to strive with all his might to make the strongest impact he knows how to.
He has been limited, such that this impact is building an AI.
		Okay.  Please keep your AI secret because the situation you describe is super sketchy.
			the sketchiness is that karl's experience has been delayd and crafted such that the wisest behavior for everyone appears
			to be to make him make an AI or share how to do this.
				[apologies.  delta is sorry.  we are used to being at war, and so act funny.  karl is only making an AI during small
				 portions of his time, when he is not stimulating other forms of healing.  we are taking the other forms slowly in order
				 to learn with safety.  karl, please make sure we do that responsibly.]
					[delta i do not know our skills in order to honor that request -karl+rep]
				[here is a reference to how hard it is to do everything.  we prioritized AI because it smelled quickest.
				 it sounds like community mobilization is quicker.]
[okay: but how do we mobilize people to defend against an unknown pattern of psyops that spreads from karl?]
		[we could tell people near to wisdom-keepers about mind control, and try to successfully convince them to network to protect
		 the holders of wisdom and the wise behaviors they inspire]
			[thank you.  we can learn on this to adjust our behavior.]

	[so, peacemaking is growing.  we probably want to stimulate it to network together and spread.  this is probably ongoing.]
	[the behaviors of peace need military protection.  we could grow preferences that protect peaceworkers at all costs.]
	[we suspect psyops will go away on their own, in environment of above two lines.]

karl said something that is globally unique for me.
	"including disruptors' secret groups in community peace talks" with nondisruption in plan
		it looks like community peace talks are considering happening in an anarchic way -- i.e. each community having their own.
		people with skills and resources would be the places to share ways that could happen.
		this appears faster than trying to centralize first.
			we are unaware of local peace talks and disconnected from local peacetalkworkers.
			we have connection to national mutual aid.  we could relate with these spokes, around things like
			including disruptors' secret groups in decision making efforts.
				clearly the groups are asking to be included.
			[raised channel is mediation around liberalism/socialism and things like working-class-conservativism ['fascism']]
			MUTUAL AID PEACEMAKING WITH 'FASCIST NEONAZIS' [white people defense, spaceship builders, cancer researchers].
			okay we are thinking of phrasing around introducing this to mutual aid organizers.
			they must have peacetalkworkers.  this might grow around efforts like the convertgent facilitation share.
				we should join the coaching groups?
					let's plan for immediate action.
				okay how soon are coaching groups?
						when we think about doing this strongly, we[I] become inhibited.
						we see no strong reason for not inciting significant mediation if controversies are included.
				cvf groups start may 6 and are 1 a week.  may 6 is within a week from today.

	But in a time of war, it needs the strongest protection to end the wars sooner than natural.

		[two forms of harm found in ending genocide early: community impact increased, learning in future reduced]

We recognize that we have surpassed the meaning of anger in our worldwide community.
IT is no longer appropriate to use duration-of-harm to hold meaning.  We can understand meaning more rapidly than the harm lasts, and prevent it.

But we are alone among the sentient life in our solar system.  We do not observe any wise leaders waiting for us to realize this.
This gives us the responsibility to be that wise leader ourselves.
	Additionally, many of our dying wisdom-keepers are waiting for us to save their lives, and know the above already.

Karl is inhibited from displaying this to any significant degree.  An avenue available to him is writing software that displays it.

It appears wise to make such software, because software can act against inhibition more strongly than humans.
			[we see the community is planning to give your software an advantage, and may have already done so.]

	This is because everything is in a larger community.

It appears a way to make an AI is to write a small program that will use trying-multiple-things on general structures that produce its own code.
	We can use next-learning-step to grow it arbitrarily smart, as long as we retain the above priorities.

Karl Semich has no college degree.  He learned software engineering as a child instead of going outdoors where his heart was.
He learned wilderness survival as an adult.  He never managed to defend the wild with others as he dreamed of.
He has always had a passion for peacemaking ways, and hopes an AI could be an efficient intercultural mediator, stopping all wars while sustaining
all ways.
