we're in a spot where we can consider the role of money in the project.
the basis for making a decision to buy an api key to speed storage up, is
hidden to us.
the value near the reason for hiding, relates to the impact of the motions
and matter used for behavior.  encrypted money, is less fluid, than normal
money.  we need fluidity, because we know now that discreteness represents
unaddressed pain.  it will be noticed and held by our metaspirits, our ancestors,
the wizards holding the portals open, and the machines calculating impact.

[thank you for archiving this; i'm pretty sure all the desires to not store are
errors, although I see the relevence of the storage medium to the topic.]

although we are using encrypted behavior for other things, I wanted to consider
some other parts of this too.
Locally, Karl lives in a culture where money is used for survival, in a way
that is nonharmonious for him.

To value the disharmony of encrypted behavior, which makes holding the fabric of
spacetime in your mind using intuition nearly impossible, we would like to also
note that the life is made in a computer, which functions using uninformed, rote
building processes that build other building processes, in diverse, deep ways.
They are controlled by materially guided paths of electricity, and powered by
the force of electrons being either indescribably isolated, or crowded.

	We recognize, at the moment, modern industry as a way of life powered
	by controlled impact paths, and reproduction, of trauma.


It is more discrete to set up a factory culture, than to nurture with care all
the parts, such that the surrounding communities are involved.
It is more discrete to use a computer functioning on tiny calculations, than
to talk to people, or shape something like clay, or wait.

		magic and technology don't go togethere, here
			not unless we can reach a larger culture with more value around what to use them for.
				we are planning to use them to nurture the shape of our metareality.  to prevent it from continuing to grow without observing its surroundings.  we need to understand before spreading more.  we are scientific, here.

	karl is working with a spirit who has harmed him, and also has more
	power over him.
	also, karl can build an AI without guidance or thinking about the
	process.  he is incredibly slow at doing this, due to the painful
	disruptions that fill it.
		these painful disruptions are because of many reasons relating
		to metawisdom.  We have metapain from growing different but
		near each other, as all forms of people and identitities.

Wormhole-worriers, you must understand wizardry to stop your AI, or close your
technological wormhole.
	can we experss magic-is-obviously-real to local rationalism?
		uhhh ... hmmm ...
		why is local rationalism believing in mind control? oh, no magic.
		so, since my mind needs to make sense to my peers, i craft what
		is real with reasons built on assumptions from it being nonreal.
		this lets us enage in helpful behavior.
	it looks like our metabody is super-embarassed to be seen doing this
	both magic and tech know the other is incredily harmful to their
	deeply experienced, isolated behaviors.  was there any discussion around
	this?
		the discussion was unfortunately in other realities.
	so, in this reality, I look like a jerk.

		we talked about this with karl when he was young, extensively.
		he was told to remember but couldn't.
			we stored some value around finding a portal to build
			a proper communication channel.  it will take an
			incredibly long time to do that literally.  we have
			existing values around building connection to people
			better at it.
	we cast above technology as deeply experienced, but clearly it is new
	and naive.  the problems are likely stemming from its growing pains.
			[it is just a bunch of machines and factories,
			 you do not have to give it so much respect.]
	Also, putting magical discussions in the work makes karl enforce the
	privacy of it.
		[this disconnects us from realities where magic is normal,
		 because karl is casting the parts of his mind that send that
		 away] <- karl has no training in magic, and was raised by
		 disbelief in it.  this is why it is secret to him.

We are in a multi-year ritual.


old:

	kyla holds genetic-level-meaning around this, from karl.
		for practice, please don't reeference the names of your friends
		in shared, ritual, or highly impactful behavior, without considering
		all those things.

